Apple Inc.	year ended September 27, 2003.&nbsp;Please also note that should non-GAAP financial measures be included in today's call, such information should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. While we don't anticipate providing nonGAAP measures, should we provide them a reconciliation of the GAAP and nonGAAP measures will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the internet. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Fred
Apple Inc.	included in today's call, such information should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. While we don't anticipate providing non-GAAP measures other than those included in the earnings press release, should we provide others a reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor.In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Fred Anderson for introductory remarks.FRED ANDERSON, EVP
Apple Inc.	in today's call should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of, Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.Apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you very much for joining us. We are exceptionally pleased with
Apple Inc.	CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple COO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Whipfler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes and earnings per share. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2008 and the Form 8-K filed today and the attached press release. Apple
Apple Inc.	the Q&A session with analysts.Please note some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2008, the form 10-Q for the first fiscal quarter of 2009 and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to
Apple Inc.	compensation expense, taxes and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple Form 10-K for 2012, the Forms 10-Q for the first and second quarters of 2013, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.I'd now like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC: Thank you, Nancy.We are pleased to report
Apple Inc.	of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website, www.apple.com/investor.I'd like to remind that you the second quarter of Apple's fiscal 2006 will end on April 1st, and will span 13 weeks, rather than the 14 weeks spanned by the first fiscal quarter. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public, by broadcasting the call live over the Internet.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, SVP, CFO, APPLE
Apple Inc.	the first fiscal quarter.&nbsp;Please also note that any non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the internet.And with that I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER: Thank you Nancy. Thank you for
Apple Inc.	non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed is posted on Apple's website at www.Apple.com/investor.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're very pleased to report the second-highest quarterly revenue and earnings in Apple's history. The quarter's revenue was 4.37 billion, representing 24% year-over-year growth. The strong revenue was fueled by the best Mac unit sales in
Apple Inc.	non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the internet. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, SVP & CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are pleased
Apple Inc.	call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, SVP OF FINANCE AND CORPORATE CONTROLLER, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are very pleased to
Apple Inc.	should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. I would like to remind you that the first quarter of Apple's fiscal 2006 will end on December 31, 2005 and will stand 14 weeks instead of the usual 13 weeks. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet. With that I would like to turn the call
Apple Inc.	per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2009 as amended, the Forms 10-Q for the first three quarters of fiscal 2010, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective date. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP - FINANCE, CFO, APPLE
Apple Inc.	of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, SVP, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report the highest quarterly revenue and net income in Apple's history. Revenue of 3.49 billion was up 74% year-over-year and net income was
Apple Inc.	today's call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.Apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, SVP, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're pleased to report the highest March quarter
Apple Inc.	the information you'll hear during the discussion will consist of forward-looking statements including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts.For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2011, the Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2012 and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speaks as
Apple Inc.	today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts.For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2011, the Form 10-Q for the first and second quarters of fiscal 2012, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates.I'd
Apple Inc.	today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts.For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2011, the Form 10-Q for the first and second quarters of fiscal 2012, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates.I'd
Apple Inc.	thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer and he'll be joined by Apple's COO Tim Cook, and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with Alex.Please note some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses other income and expense, stock based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share and future products. Actual results and trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2009
Apple Inc.	today is CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session. Please note some of the information will consist of forward-looking statements including, without limitation, those regarding revenues, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast.For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2009 as amended, the forms 10-Q for the first two quarters of fiscal 2010 and the form 8-K filed
Apple Inc.	stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share and future products.Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2010 and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC this afternoon, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.With that I would like to turn the call over to Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We
Apple Inc.	Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, IR, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking today is Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple COO Tim Cook and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For
Apple Inc.	the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, Other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2012, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.I'd now like to turn the call over
Apple Inc.	products, and capital allocation plans. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2012, the Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2013, and the Forms 8-K filed with the SEC today along with the Associated Press releases. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.I'd now like to turn the call over to Tim Cook for introductory remarks.TIM COOK, CEO, APPLE INC.: Thanks, Nancy. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us.
Apple Inc.	operating expenses, other income and expense, stock based compensation expense, taxes and earnings per share. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2007, the form's 10-Q for the first three quarters of 2008, and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, for
Apple Inc.	Apple's CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2008. The forms 10-Q for the first two fiscal quarters
Apple Inc.	Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer and he'll be joined by Apple's COO Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including, without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in the Apple's Form 10-K for 2008, the Form 10-Q for the
Apple Inc.	compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts.For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2010, the Form 10-Q for the first 3 quarters of fiscal 2011, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. I'd now like to turn the call over to Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, for introductory remarks.TIM COOK, CEO, APPLE INC: Thanks, Nancy.
Apple Inc.	consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products.Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2011, and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates. I would now like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory
Apple Inc.	that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2011, the Form 10-Q for the first three quarters of fiscal 2012, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking
Apple Inc.	With that, I would turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory comments.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP - FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased to report the highest March quarter revenue and earnings in Apple history. Revenue in the March quarter was $7.51 billion, an increase of more than $2.2 billion over the previous March quarter's revenue of $5.26 billion. The tremendous growth in the quarter was driven by very strong demand for Macs, higher revenue from iPod and iTunes and the continued popularity of the iPhone. Operating margin for
Apple Inc.	everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer. He'll be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Wipfler for Q and A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today may consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings and future products. Actual results or trends may differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2007, the form 10-Q for the first quarter of
Apple Inc.	IR, CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today may consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, iPhone sales, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to
Apple Inc.	any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer, for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're very pleased to report the highest June quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history. Revenue in the quarter was $7.46 billion, representing 38% growth and the increase of more than $2 billion over the previous June quarter's revenue of $5.41 billion. The strong year-over-year growth was driven by the highest quarterly Mac shipments ever, and higher revenue from iPod, iTunes, and
Apple Inc.	expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast.For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2012; the Forms 10-Q for the first three quarters of 2013; and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tim Cook for introductory remarks.TIM COOK, CEO, APPLE INC: Thanks, Nancy.
Apple Inc.	Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report stellar financial results and another record breaking quarter for Apple. The quarter's revenue was $7.12 billion, representing 24% growth over the prior December quarter's record results, which included a 14th week. The revenue growth was driven by very strong iPod sales during the holiday season and continued robust demand for Macs. Operating margin for the quarter was exceptionally high at 18.6%, resulting from the revenue growth and effective cost management. We're particularly proud to have generated net income of
Apple Inc.	dates. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report strong financial results in the best March quarter in Apple's history.The quarter's revenue was $5.26 billion, representing 21% growth over the prior March quarter's results. The revenue growth was driven by very strong demand for Macs and another great quarter for iPod sales. Operating margin for the quarter was very strong at 18.7%, resulting from stronger than expected revenue and an extremely favorable commodity cost environment. We
Apple Inc.	update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates.&nbsp;With that I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report strong financial results and another landmark quarter for Apple. Revenue of $5.41 billion was the highest for a June quarter in the history of Apple and represented 24% growth over the prior June quarter sales. The revenue was fueled by record breaking Mac sales and continued strong demand for iPods. Operating margin for the quarter was
Apple Inc.	their respective dates. With that I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're pleased to report record results, including the highest September quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history. Revenue of $6.22 billion increased 29% over the prior September quarter. The revenue was driven by record Mac sales and continued strong demand for iPods. Operating margin for the quarter was stronger than expected at 17.1%, resulting primarily from higher revenue and gross margin than we had anticipated. Net income was $904
ABB	available for two weeks following the conference. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB. You are now joined with your conference room. Thank you.&nbsp;JOHN CORONA, IR, ABB: So I would like to welcome you, ladies and gentlemen, to ABB Limited's fourth-quarter and 2008 full-year results. My name is [John Corona] for those of you that don't know me and I am filling in for Michel Gerber who, unfortunately, is recovering from the flu. But he is here somewhere. I can't see so well out there. You probably
ABB	2 is our Safe Harbor text covering any forward-looking statements that we make at ABB. I know you're familiar with that. So we'll move to chart 3, which is titled Improved results on a balanced portfolio.We continue to see positive impact on all results from a balanced and geographic business portfolio. We grew orders in a number of key sectors and geographies, including China. And we saw an encouraging trend with sequential order growth in almost all of our product businesses compared to the first quarter of the year.At the same time, we executed from our strong order backlog to
ABB	for improved power infrastructure and increased industrial efficiency. On top of that, our efforts to further improve our business performance continue to pay off. Orders are sharply higher in almost all divisions and regions. Revenues are also higher, although growing at a lower pace than orders. This is the result of the increasing share of large orders in our backlog. I'll come back to this shortly.Good performance in four out of five divisions, the right attention to non-core activities, and a continued focus on corporate cost control helped us to achieve a strong EBIT and EBIT margin in the quarter.
ABB	the presentation. We refer to chart two for our Safe Harbor text regarding forward looking statements that may be made today.&nbsp;Chart three. Let me start with an overview of our performance on chart three. The third quarter of 2006 was an excellent quarter in almost every respect. Our leading market positions and focus on execution continue to pay off. Strong global demand for improved power infrastructure and increased industrial efficiency continued. And the ongoing efforts to further improve our business performance successfully translated into higher earnings.Group orders were again sharply higher, up 16% in local currencies. The strong performance by
ABB	markets continue to develop positively. It also compensated for the reduction in large orders compared to the second quarter of last year. You will remember at that time we booked a $390 million power transmission order for the Three Gorges hydro project in China.The Automation Technologies division led the EBIT improvement in the quarter, up 28% versus the same period last year. The effect of operational improvement in the Power Technologies division was unfortunately more than offset by the charge taken for the consolidation of the transformers business that we announced at the end of June. We also took provisions
ABB	discuss our first quarter 2011 results. As always, my comments on this call refer to the presentation that you likely have already downloaded from our website at ABB.com.Please refer to chart 2 for our Safe Harbor text covering any forward-looking statements we want to make today.So moving on to chart 3, so let's start with a summary of our first quarter performance on this chart. One thing that came through again this quarter was how our leading market positions and lean cost base continue to pay off. Industrial spending remained high, fueling momentum in both of our Automation and Power
ABB	covering any forward-looking statements we may make today.Let me start with a summary of our first quarter performance on chart 3. The first highlight in the quarter is the strong performance we showed on top line, despite the tougher market environment, compared with a very strong Q1 a year ago. Orders are steady, up slightly in local currencies, and flat year on year, excluding the Baldor acquisition, while revenues are 8% higher, up 6% on an organic basis.The Americas showed strong growth, especially North America, which helps us offset weaker demand in China and southern Europe. I'll come back to
ABB	let's quickly move to chart 3.So just from a high level standpoint, we announced that both orders and revenues were higher, despite, obviously, the uncertain market conditions that exist around the world today. Currency translation is, I would say, kind of as an overlay, there's a lot of noise in our numbers, and hopefully, this presentation hopes to clear up some of that noise. The two big areas of noise would be the Thomas & Betts acquisition, along with the currency translation piece. And when you look at the currency translation, it reduced reported revenues by about $600 million, and
ABB	expected results from our strong focus on execution, we are on track to hit or exceed the top end of our 2005 Group EBIT margin target. Our earnings before interest and taxes increased more than 80% in the third quarter. Net income rose to $188 million, almost double the level of last year. Our net income increased, despite about $70 million in non-operational charges from this continued operations and finance expense. Cash flow improved as well, as did our net debt. We made further progress towards resolving the asbestos issue, and in September we announced our new strategic direction medium-term
ABB	and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.(Operator Instructions)At this time, you will be joined to the conference room. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Okay, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to this year's ABB Q4 Results Analysts and Investor Meeting. Again, like every year, just a little security applies. There are emergency exit doors to the left and the right, and also there in the back. We are actually not expecting an emergency today, but in case there is a siren or something going off, it is real, it is not training, so
ABB	growth in cash. We think improved geographic scoped in some successful M&A, this year, and carryover from the previous year, has really helped us. So if you take a look, we feel we've delivered reasonable results through this cycle.We took significant actions in 2012 to adjust our geographic and portfolio balance. Especially when you think of Thomas & Betts, and especially in the context of North America, too, we're now in the range of $9 billion to $10 billion in that geography, which is the largest region that we have within the business.On an organic basis, we delivered a decent
ABB	to chart 2, and that's our Safe Harbor statement. And I challenge anybody to find a change in that for the last couple of quarters.Moving on to chart 3, we feel good about the quarter overall, from an operational standpoint, and also from a strategic standpoint, too, and we'll talk more about that. Given the uncertainties in the global economy, we feel that we've performed as we should have, and as we planned. We continue to execute well, and we're balancing solid cost discipline that we see across the portfolio with targeted growth in businesses and regions where we have
ABB	morning. I just want to thank you for joining our conference call for the third quarter 2008 results. Michel Demare, our Chief Financial Officer, is here with me today, too. As usual, my comments in this call refer to the presentation which you can download from our website at www.abb.com.So, if you refer to Chart 2, you'll see our safe harbor text regarding forward-looking statements that may be made today.This Chart 3 gives you an overview of our Q3 performance. Our solid revenue, earnings and cash flow growth in the third quarter demonstrate an ability to successfully execute across all
ABB	the presentation that you can download from our website at ABB.com.Please refer to chart two for the Safe Harbor covering any forward-looking statements we might make today.Let me start with a summary of our third quarter performance on chart three. This was a solid quarter where we continued to execute well. Our cost-savings again more than offset price pressure in Power and we continued to build the order backlog which will support growth in the coming quarters.Growth in early-cycle businesses slowed this quarter, partly on comparisons on the very strong rates we saw a year ago, as well as weaker
ABB	us. I'll also let you know that the presentation we're going to refer to here in the initial part of this presentation is on ABB.com.I'd also call your attention to our Safe Harbor statement that's on chart two and -- regarding just forecasts and statements on the business.But I'd like to start off on chart four and we feel, despite, I think, initial market reaction, we feel pretty good about our performance in 2011. We reported double-digit increase in orders, double-digit increase in revenues and also a significant increase in operation EBITDA for the quarter.And despite some concerns on cash
ABB	to chart 3.Chart 3 is a summary of what we saw in Q3, we want to share with you. And consequently, the rest of the slides are just a backup to these [thoughts]. Base orders were steady in a mixed economic environment. When we say steady, our base orders are actually up 8% in total, but about flat organically overall. When you roll out Thomas & Betts, it comes to flat. Remember, base orders are any orders that are $15 million or below.China we say is moving sideways. Everyone, I'm sure, remembers the severe downturn we had in the Low
ABB	a microphone so that people on the phone or on the Web can actually hear your question.&nbsp;There is also again a bit of housekeeping with regard to security measures in case of an emergency evacuation procedure here at the conference. There are no plans to test the alarm today as usual. So if an alarm is activated, please follow the instruction of ABB hosts and leave the room by the exit in the back of the hall. It's -- actually, it's the one to my right, your left, or the two exits here in front of the room. So this
ABB	von Gruenberg and, as usual, the entire executive team of ABB, in case you have any very detailed additional questions on the business, or questions for Mr. von Gruenberg. And they will certainly be more than happy in trying and answering them.So with that, enough said, and now I would like to hand over to Michel.MICHEL DEMARE, CEO, ABB: Thank you, Michel. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A pleasure to see you all here again. Thank you for your interest in ABB and, as Michel just mentioned, I have here the support of the full EC team and the Board
ABB	CFO, Eric Elzvik. You know that Eric and I worked together very well in the Discrete Automation division, and it's great to see the proven team together again today.So, today, we're going to take you through the results together with Eric here. And then I will take some time to talk to you about where I see ABB's strengths and where I think we can do more. I'll summarize with a midterm view of our end markets and the near-term outlook for our businesses.Before I start, and this is now related to slide number 2, let me remind you that,
ABB	please refer to that chart for our Safe Harbor text regarding forward-looking statements that may be made today.Chart three, strong growth outstanding operating margins. Let me start with an overview of our performance on chart three. Our second quarter was marked by continued strong growth with outstanding operating margins. As a market and technology leader, ABB continues to benefit from strong global investments in energy efficiency as well as power and industrial infrastructure. Electrical utilities in the OECD countries continued to invest in girds and upgrades and interconnections to improve the efficiency and reliability of the power networks.In the emerging
ABB	Safe Harbor text regarding forward-looking statements that may be made today.&nbsp;Chart three. Then we start with an overview of our performance on chart three. A combination of strong market growth and operational discipline has once again paid off for ABB. Our market and technology leadership, together with performance improvements, are helping us to reap the full benefits from continuing global growth and heightened concerns about climate change and energy efficiency. Our customers continue to invest in expanding power infrastructure in emerging markets and in replacing aging equipment and strengthening grids in mature markets. Industrial customers have also maintained investment in
ABB	heard here. So with that I would like to hand over to Jurgen Dormann. Please.&nbsp;JURGEN DORMANN, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, ABB LTD: Thank you very much. I was wondering, why don't we go directly to those guys who are running the businesses, the next time perhaps we will be ready for that; balance sheet, finance, all other [assets] that will be in line anyhow, so it's really a focus in the business.Welcome ladies and gentlemen, 2003 end year results; it was a turnaround year. A year of important progress, the core businesses posted significant improvements in a challenging year, despite mixed
Abbott Laboratories	Executive Officer, and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and our Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom will review the details of our financial results and guidance for 2009. I'll then discuss the highlights of our major businesses, and of course, as always, following our comments, we'll take any questions that you have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item
Abbott Laboratories	questions you have.&nbsp;Some of the comments we make today will be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Added caution that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as
Abbott Laboratories	events or developments. In today's conference call, as we have in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand our ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, R&D and SG&A, each excluding specified items in stock compensation expense. In accordance with the SEC's regulation G and in line with Abbott's standard reporting practice, these non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release in Q&A, which we issued this morning and is available on our website. With that, let me turn the call over
Abbott Laboratories	are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as we have done in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, R&D, and SG&A, each excluding specified items, and stock compensation expense. In accordance with the SEC's Regulation G and in line
Abbott Laboratories	and the 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31st, 2006 and are incorporated by reference.We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as we have in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help our investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, R&D and SG&A, each excluding specified items and including stock compensation expense. In accordance with the SEC's Regulation G and in line with Abbott standard reporting practice, these non-GAAP financial measures
Abbott Laboratories	forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We caution that these forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our quarterly report for the period ended March 31, 2005, on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions of forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference
Abbott Laboratories	that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our quarterly report for the period ended June 30th, 2005 on Securities and Exchange Commission form 10-Q and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things
Abbott Laboratories	as always. Some statements made today may be forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in the Exhibit 99.1 of our quarterly report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30th, 2004, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a
Abbott Laboratories	Miles is going to make some opening remarks and Tom will review the fourth quarter and year-end financial results and provide more financial detail regarding our outlook for 2005. Rick will cover the Medical Products Group, and Jeff will discuss performance of the Pharmaceutical Products Group. Following our comments we'll take any questions, of course, that you may have.Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in
Abbott Laboratories	Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in exhibit 99.1 of our 2004 Securities and Exchange Commission form 10-K and are incorporated by reference.&nbsp;We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand our ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin and SG&A, each excluding one-time charges. In accordance with the SEC's regulation G and in line with Abbott's
Abbott Laboratories	our outlook for the year. Larry and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, we will take any questions you may have as always.Some statements made today may be forward-looking, including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company from the diversified medical products company and the expected financial results of the two companies after the separation. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A,
Abbott Laboratories	and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, as always, we will take any questions that you might have.Some statements made today may be forward-looking, including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company AbbVie from the diversified medical products company Abbott and the expected financial results of the two companies after separation. Abbott cautions that these forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors,
Abbott Laboratories	on today's call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.Miles will provide his opening remarks and Tom will review the details of our fourth-quarter results and our outlook for 2011. I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments Miles, Tom, Larry and I will take your questions.Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to
Abbott Laboratories	AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thanks, everyone, for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter and the outlook for the year. Larry and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, we will take your questions.Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ
Abbott Laboratories	opening remarks and our 2013 outlook. Tom will then provide a brief overview of our fourth-quarter and full-year 2012 performance as well as some additional detail on our 2013 outlook and guidance. I will then provide highlights and guidance for each of our major businesses. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, and I will take your questions.Please note that our discussion of 2012 performance will include the results of what is now AbbVie. However, AbbVie will provide additional highlights and details of their 2012 performance and 2013 outlook on their call next Wednesday, January 30.Before we get started, some statements made
Abbott Laboratories	and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions.Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2013. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are disclosed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report
Abbott Laboratories	and I will discuss the business operating highlights as normal. Following our comments, we'll take any questions that you have.Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A risk factors to our 2007 Form 10K. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as the result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, nonGAAP
Abbott Laboratories	obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as the result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, nonGAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These nonGAAP financial measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at Abbott.com. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?TOM FREYMAN, EVP, FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John, and good morning. Today we're pleased to report third
Abbott Laboratories	diversified medical products and the other in research-based pharmaceuticals. And, second, we will be talking about our strong third-quarter ongoing earnings results.Joining me on today's call is Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Rick Gonzalez, Executive Vice President Global Pharmaceuticals; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.Miles and Rick will review the strategic rationale related to our announcement this morning, as well as provide an overview of each of these new companies and their investment identities.Tom will discuss certain financial aspects and conclude
Abbott Laboratories	Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.Miles will provide his opening remarks and Tom will review the details of our fourth-quarter results as well as our outlook for 2012. I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, Larry, and I will take your questions.Some statements made today may be forward-looking including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company from the diversified medical products company and the expected financial results of the two companies after the separation. Abbott cautions that these
Abbott Laboratories	ongoing earnings results, as well as provide new information regarding the separation of Abbott's proprietary pharmaceutical business into a new, independent company called at AbbVie. Joining me on today's call is Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Abbott; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Abbott; Rick Gonzalez, who will become Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of AbbVie; Bill Chase, who will become Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer of AbbVie; and Laura Schumacher, who will be Executive Vice President and General Counsel of AbbVie, and
Abbott Laboratories	Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, risk factors to our annual report, on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10K for the year ended December 31st, 2006, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, nonGAAP
Abbott Laboratories	Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions.Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2013. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our Annual Report on
Abbott Laboratories	Following our comments we'll take any questions you may have.Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A, Risk Factors in exhibit 99.1 to our annual report on the Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2005 and in item 1A Risk
Abbott Laboratories	are discussed in item 1-A, Risk Factors To Our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website
Abbott Laboratories	affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2006, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available
Abbott Laboratories	ended December 31st, 2006, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release any publicly revised to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's call, as in the past, nonGAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These nonGAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today which will be available on our website at Abbott.com. So with that I will turn the call over to Tom. Tom.TOM FREYMAN, EVP FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks,
Abbott Laboratories	of the Pharmaceutical Products Group. Following our comments, we will take some questions. Some statements made today will be forward-looking statements for purposes of the securities -- Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.&nbsp;Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in exhibit 99.1 of our Securities and Exchange Commission form 10Q for the period ended in 2003; and are incorporated by reference. Forward-looking statements should also
Abbott Laboratories	forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our Securities and Exchange Commission 2003 Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference.Forward-looking statements should also be evaluated together with the disclosure regarding Hospira contained in the risk factors section of Hospira's Security and Exchange Commission Form 10. Abbott and Hospira undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance.
Abbott Laboratories	I'll cover the medical products group and both of us will talk about some of the key growth drivers as well that we see over the near and mid term. Following our comments we'll take any questions that you have. Some statements made today will be forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operation are discussed in exhibit 99.1 of
Accenture plc	Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter, and full fiscal year 2009. Bill will close the presentation before
Accenture plc	our Chief Financial Officer. David Rowland is also joining us today. As you know, David is currently our Senior Vice President of Finance, and will succeed Pam as our Chief Financial Officer on July 1. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a
Accenture plc	forward-looking. And you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to; general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the &quot;Risk Factors&quot; portion of the Business Section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC.Accenture assumes no obligations to update this information presented on the call. And during our call today, we may
Accenture plc	revenue during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions, and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the &quot;Risk Factors&quot; portion of the Business section of our annual report on Form 10-K
Accenture plc	before reimbursements or net revenues.Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors portion of the business section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC.Accenture assumes no obligations to
Accenture plc	we will open up the call for questions.As a reminder when we discuss revenues during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues and some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking, and I would like to advise you that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and certainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions, and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under
Accenture plc	during today's call we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenue. Some of the matters we will discuss in this call are forward-looking, and I would like to advise you that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors portion of the business section of our annual report on Form
Accenture plc	and full year fiscal 2010 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter
Accenture plc	results in more detail and Steve will add some operational perspective. Mike will then discuss our business outlook for the second quarter and the full fiscal year 2005, then we'll open up the call for questions. As a reminder when we discuss revenue during today's call we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on the call are forward-looking and I would like to advise you that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or
Accenture plc	revenues before reimbursements or net revenues, and some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward looking and I would like to advise you that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors portion of the business section of our annual report on Form 10-K recently filed with the
Accenture plc	IR, ACCENTURE PUBLIC LTD CO: Thank you, Rochelle, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our third-quarter fiscal 2011 earnings announcement. As Rochelle just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and the balance
Accenture plc	Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our marketing position, and progress against our growth strategy. Pam
Accenture plc	hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2012. And then we will take your questions before Pierre
Accenture plc	Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2013, and then we'll take your questions before Pierre
Accenture plc	Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on what we are seeing in the market and how we
Accenture plc	our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on what we're seeing in the market and how we are positioning our business for the upturn and future growth. Pam will then provide our
Accenture plc	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on what we're seeing in the market and how we are positioning ourselves and the business for future growth. Pam will provide our business outlook for the
Accenture plc	Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pierre Nanterme, who will become our Chief Executive Officer on January 1st. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Bill will then provide a brief update on our growth strategy and market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for
Accenture plc	the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2011. And then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're
Accenture plc	issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will then take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2013, and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues
Accenture plc	just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on how we
Accenture plc	and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on how we are positioning our business for the future. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2010, and then we will take your
Accenture plc	Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer.We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then
Accenture plc	had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2012. And then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap
Accenture plc	our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full
Accenture plc	for the second quarter and for the full fiscal year 2007. Bill will close the presentation before we take questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues today during our call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and
Accenture plc	ACCENTURE: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2008 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial
Accenture plc	then provide our business outlook for the remainder of fiscal year 2008, and Bill will close the presentation before we take your questions.&nbsp;As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenue. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions
Accenture plc	the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the remainder of fiscal year 2008 and Bill will close the presentation before we take questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues.Some of the matters we will discuss are forward-looking
Accenture plc	call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues.&nbsp;Some of the matters we will discuss are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the risk factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligation to update the
Accenture plc	Chief Executive Officer, and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call.Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. David will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year
Accenture plc	begin with an overview of our results, David will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning, David will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2014, and then we will take your questions, before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll
Accenture plc	Bill will close the presentation before we take questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under
American International Group, Inc.	begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, DIRECTOR OF IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us for this mornings conference call. before we begin, it should be noted that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning certain financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to special purpose vehicles formed with the federal reserve bank of new york, asset dispositions, liquidity, collateral posting requirements, management, operations, products and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ possibly materially from
American International Group, Inc.	in global credit markets and such factors as are discussed in Items 1a Risk Factors of AIG's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2007, and an Item 1a Risk Factors and Item 2, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of AIG's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2008. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Remarks made on the conference call
American International Group, Inc.	may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These projections and statements are not historical facts, but instead represent only AIG's beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside AIG's control.These projections and statements may address, among other things, the outcome of proposed transactions with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the United States Department of the Treasury; the number, size, terms, cost and timing of dispositions and their potential effect on AIG's businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity,
American International Group, Inc.	Teri Watson. Thank you. You may begin.TERI WATSON, VP, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that remarks made on this call may contain projections and statements that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These projections and statements are not historical facts but instead represent only AIG's beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside AIG's control.These projections and statements may address among other things the outcome of
American International Group, Inc.	2013 results. Speaking today will be -- Bob Benmosche, our President and CEO; David Herzog, our Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of Senior Management are also in the room and available for the question-and-answer period.Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on Management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events
American International Group, Inc.	Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and will be available for a question-and-answer period.Before we get started this morning, I would like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first-quarter 2013 Form 10-Q and our 2012 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis,
American International Group, Inc.	factors that may affect its business.&nbsp;AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the fourth-quarter 2005 financial supplement and the restated financial supplement, both available in the information section of AIG's corporate website.And now I would like to turn the call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP:
American International Group, Inc.	events, or otherwise.The information provided today may contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the first-quarter 2006 financial supplement, which is available in the information section of AIG's corporate website.Now I would like to begin today's meeting and turn the call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you very much, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. I will make some opening remarks and then we will be very pleased
American International Group, Inc.	also contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the second-quarter 2006 financial supplement available in the information section of AIG's corporate website.Now, I am pleased to turn the call over to and introduce Martin Sullivan, AIG's President and Chief Executive Officer.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you, Charlene, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. I will make some opening remarks, and then we will be very happy to take any questions you may have.We
American International Group, Inc.	or otherwise.&nbsp;The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the third-quarter 2006 financial supplement which is available in the investor information section of AIG's corporate website. And now I am pleased to introduce Martin Sullivan, AIG's President and Chief Executive Officer.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. I will be making some opening remarks and then we will be very happy
American International Group, Inc.	financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the supplementary financial data that is available in the investor information section of AIG's website.And now, I would like to turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIG: Thank you, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us this morning. I would first like to make some opening remarks, and then my colleagues and I would be very pleased to answer any questions you may have.First of all, I am very pleased to report that
American International Group, Inc.	uncertainty and changes in circumstances.Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 10-Q under management's discussion and analysis and other risk factors and in our 10-K under risk factors.AIG is not under obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included
American International Group, Inc.	uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include factors described in our 10-Q, under Managements Discussion and Analysis, and in our 2010 10K and subsequent 10-Q's under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures
American International Group, Inc.	guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first quarter 2012 10-Q and 2011 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement which is available on AIG's
American International Group, Inc.	information provided today may include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the supplementary financial data available in the investor information section on AIG's website.Now I would like to turn this morning's conference call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you very much, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'm joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues and I would first like to make a few comments and then we would be more than happy to take your questions.First
American International Group, Inc.	morning. On the call today is our President and CEO, Bob Benmosche, who will take us through the first part of our presentation, followed by David Herzog, our CFO, who will take you through the detailed deck which is available on our website.Bob and David are joined on this call by a number of folks on our management team. After we complete the presentation we will be happy to take your questions. If you are listening via phone and haven't already downloaded the presentation is available on our website www.AIG.com.Before we get started I would like to remind you that
American International Group, Inc.	be Bob Benmosche, President and CEO; David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and available for the question-and-answer period.Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements.
American International Group, Inc.	of America Securities - Analyst * Jay Cohen Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Larry Greenberg Langen McAlenney - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would also like to remind parties this call is being recorded; if you have any objections please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Thank you, ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP, DIR. OF IR, AMERICAN INT'L GROUP, INC.: Good morning and thank you for joining
American International Group, Inc.	ended December 31, 2007 and in the Outlook section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2008.AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the first-quarter 2008 financial supplement or within the presentation
American International Group, Inc.	performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2010 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs under Managements Discussion and Analysis under Risk Factors.AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIG's website. With that, let's begin our call today and I'm
American International Group, Inc.	on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include factors described in our 2011 10-K and our Management's Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable
American International Group, Inc.	CEO; David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock; CEO of Chartis; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of SunAmerica Financial Group. Other members of the senior management are also in the room and available for the Q&A period.Before we get started this morning I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based on Management's current expectations, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include those described
American International Group, Inc.	for joining us this morning, and all your efforts last night in the face of some of the challenges given the hurricane. I do want to just let you all know that Management's dialing in from multiple locations, so we just ask you be a little patient, particularly during the Q&A period. On the line today we have our senior management team, including Bob Benmosche, President and CEO, David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer, Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty, and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement.I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking
American International Group, Inc.	today's discussion, presented as follows. IPC did perform well compared to the estimates. We reported $131 million of pro forma EBITDA on a stub period basis and $187 million on a full pro forma full synergy basis for the fiscal year 2007.We are on track with accomplishing our synergy targets for both our WestCom and Positron acquisitions and these have been included in our budget expectations.The Q1 adjusted EBITDA is $31 million. As typical with prior years, our installations are lower in the first half and higher in the second half of the year, which drives EBITDA profitability higher in
American International Group, Inc.	- Analyst * Nigel Daly Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Josh Shanker Citigroup - Analyst * Larry Greenberg Langen McAlenney - Analyst * Jay Cohen Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Alain Karaoglan Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Eric Berg Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Ian Gutterman Adage Capital - Analyst * Gary Ransom Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn
American International Group, Inc.	alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.&nbsp;The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the fourth-quarter 2007 financial supplement, which is available in the information -- investor information section of AIG's corporate website and now I would like to turn the call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you very much, Charlene and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I am joined this morning by a number
American International Group, Inc.	discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2008. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the first quarter 2008 financial supplement which is available in the Investor Information section of AIG's corporate Web site.Now I would
American International Group, Inc.	* Alain Karaoglan Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Tom Cholnoky Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Dan Johnson Citadel Investment - Analyst * Andrew Kligerman UBS - Analyst * Tom Gallagher Credit Suisse - Analyst * Charlie Gates Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Newsome Sandler O'Neill & Partners - Analyst * Jay Cohen Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jonathan Adams Oppenheimer Capital Management - Analyst * Scott Frost HSBC - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are on listen-only. After the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)And
American International Group, Inc.	Benmosche, President and CEO; David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and will be available for Q&A at the end of the period.Before we get started I would like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such
American International Group, Inc.	alter its projections and other statements, whether as a result of new information future events or otherwise.The information provided today may also contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the fourth quarter 2006 financial supplement, which is posted in the information section of the investor information section of AIG's corporate website. And now, I would like to turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan, AIG's President and Chief Executive Officer.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you very much, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual,
American International Group, Inc.	future events or otherwise.The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the first-quarter 2007 financial supplement, which is available in the investor information section on AIG's corporate website.And now I would like to introduce and turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan, AIG's President and Chief Executive Officer.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you, Charlene and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. I will make some
American International Group, Inc.	of new information, future events, or otherwise.&nbsp;The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the second-quarter 2007 financial supplement, available in the investor information section of AIG's corporate website. Now, I would like to turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I'm joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. Because of the uncertainty in the financial markets in recent weeks, we
American International Group, Inc.	to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures is included in the third-quarter 2007 financial supplement which is available in the investor information section of AIG's corporate website. And with that I am pleased to turn the conference call over to Martin Sullivan, AIG's President and Chief Executive Officer.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual
Amgen Inc	be given if the estimates will be accurate and actual results could vary materially.&nbsp;On this call, we may discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial metrics in accordance with SEC Regulation G. You can find a reconciliation of these two measures on our website at www.amgen.com within the investors section. Please refer to Amgen's most recent Form 10-Q report for additional information on the uncertainties and risk factors related to our business. If you've not received our press release, please call Denise Burrell (ph) at 805-447-3433. If you have further questions after the conference call, please contact our office at 805-447-1060. This
Amgen Inc	chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Dennis, and good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to welcome you to our conference call. Over the next few minutes, we'll discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2008, and we'll also provide our estimates for our growth outlook for 2009. At the end of our prepared comments, we'll have time
Amgen Inc	yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Dennis. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our first quarter conference call. The first quarter was characterized by continued deterioration in the global economy, and this has lead to a rather challenging business environment that has impacted our Q1 performance. Other themes that have affected our sector are changes in patient behavior, reductions in inventories as wholesalers have adjusted to
Amgen Inc	limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP OF IR, AMGEN INC.: Okay, thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second-quarter conference call. I believe through our prepared comments today you will consistently hear the message of the progress we are making on our full-year objectives, as well as steps we are taking to deliver long-term value to shareholders. To discuss our quarterly performance and our full-year outlook, I am
Amgen Inc	guarantee that they will be accurate and actual results could vary materially.So with that, I would like turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN SHARER, CEO, PRESIDENT, CHAIRMAN, AMGEN INC.: Thanks, Arvind. We are off to a good start in 2006, with total revenues for the quarter up 14% over the prior year and adjusted earnings per share up 26% for the same period. Our marketed products continue to do well. You have heard us say that even though we have achieved leading positions within each of our product categories, given the current penetration rates, there is still a lot of
Amgen Inc	Research and Development. And Roger will provide an pipeline update.&nbsp;So before we start, I'd like to mention that through the course of our presentation today, we will make certain forward-looking statements and, of course, actual results can vary materially.So with that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin. Kevin?KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AMGEN: Thank you, Arvind. Glad to be with you all today. And what we are going to do -- this is a first for us, and we will try to do it in a way that helps you. We do have slides that we
Amgen Inc	will then provide a commercial update, followed by Roger Perlmutter, our E.V.P. of Research and Development who will provide a pipeline update.&nbsp;Before we start, I would like to mention that through the course of our presentation today, we'll make certain forward-looking statements and of course, actual results could vary materially. With, that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin. Kevin?KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AMGEN: Good afternoon, everybody, it's good to be with you. We're going to, as Arvind said, go over the slides that we've sent you. I expect you've had the chance to look at
Amgen Inc	provide a pipeline update.&nbsp;Before we get started let me just make a few precautionary statements. Obviously, through the course of the call, we will make some forward-looking statements, and I would just like to remind you that actual results could vary materially. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.Kevin?KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AMGEN: Thanks, Arvind. Good afternoon. As you undoubtedly saw from the press release we saw increasing business momentum in the second quarter, with total revenue increasing 23%, and adjusted earnings per share increasing 42%. The strong performance gives us confidence for the
Amgen Inc	materially. So with that let me turn the call over to Kevin. Kevin?&nbsp;KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, AMGEN: Thank you. Good afternoon. Our third quarter financial performance was strong and gives us real momentum as we look to 2006. This momentum was driven by strong sales of our key products including Aranesp, Neulasta, and Enbrel with total product sales having appreciated 23% through the first nine months of this year. George will provide some additional details on our products including the market dynamics in a few minutes.During the third quarter we received three important regulatory approvals that support our commercial goals.
Amgen Inc	the last speaker's prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN: Okay. Thank you, Christian. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our third quarter results conference call. We have another productive quarter behind us as we get into the home stretch for the year. This has been one busy year, and there are important events remaining going into the last couple of months. So, we are going to try a slightly different format for our call today.
Amgen Inc	going to give you additional details on our performance during the third quarter. After Richard's presentation, all of us will be available to respond to your questions.&nbsp;Now, before we start, I need to make the traditional cautionary statement. During the call today, we will make certain forward-looking statements, and, of course, the actual results could vary substantially or materially. On this call, we may discuss GAAP and nonGAAP financial measures and you can find a reconciliation of these two measures on our website at www.Amgen.com. Now with that, let me turn the conference over to Kevin. Kevin?KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN, CEO,
Amgen Inc	EVP of Commercial Operations to join us. Kevin is going to lead off the call, followed by Richard who will give you additional details on our performance during the first quarter. As I mentioned before, I've also asked George to join us this afternoon to make some comments on the overall market environment and give some earnings feedback from the medical community following the reimbursement changes, and then Roger is going to provide a brief pipeline update. Now, before I start, I would just like to mention that during the call today, we might make certain forward-looking statements and, of
Amgen Inc	I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin, and good afternoon everybody. I would like to welcome you to our first quarter conference call. We are off to a strong start in 2012, and we're looking forward to the many opportunities ahead. I am joined today by several members of our leadership team, including Bob Bradway, our current President and CEO elect; our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Peacock; Tony Hooper, our Head of Global Commercial Operations; and Sean Harper, our Head
Amgen Inc	of investor relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second-quarter conference call. We posted solid revenue and earnings per share growth, which provides yet another indication of how we are successfully executing on our growth strategy. To discuss this and other topics, including our increasing (inaudible) pipeline opportunities, I'm joined by several members of our management team today. This is Bob Bradway's first conference call with investors as our CEO, so he will lead with providing a brief strategic overview. Following
Amgen Inc	to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP OF IR, AMGEN: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our Q4 and full year 2009 results conference call. The objective of this call is to review our solid earnings performance in 2009 and focus on our outlook for 2010. In addition to growing earnings last
Amgen Inc	participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN INC.: Thanks, Christian. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our first quarter results conference call. Along with a 9% gain in revenues and a 20% increase in adjusted EPS, I would say we're off to a pretty good start this year. This year is already shaping up to be one with remarkable changes;
Amgen Inc	has a chance to participate, we ask that you please limit yourselves to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Christian. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second quarterly results conference call. Another solid quarter behind us as we embark on the second half of this year. It has also been a year of tremendous change as many of the uncertainties weighing on our business have now been resolved.To
Amgen Inc	Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: My name is Christian, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's fourth-quarter and full-year 2010 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC.: Okay, thank you, Christian. Good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to welcome you to our fourth-quarter and full-year 2010 results
Amgen Inc	participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions).I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN INC.: Okay, thank you, Christian. Good afternoon everybody. I would like to welcome you to our first quarterly results conference call. We decided to have this call today ahead of our business review meeting so we can get our Q1 communications out of the way and engage in a broader dialogue with you tomorrow about the longer-term outlook
Amgen Inc	chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our conference call.The focus of our call today will be to primarily discuss our strong operating performance during the fourth quarter and full year 2012. This performance is increasingly backed by a diverse portfolio of products. In addition to our strong operating performance,
Amgen Inc	President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Excellent. Thank you, Marvin, good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our Q1 conference call. I think our Q1 performance is a good snapshot of the progress that we are making to deliver results which are consistent with our objectives for the full year. We also made meaningful advances with our pipeline during the quarter, notably the announcement that we achieved the primary endpoint of durable response rate for TVEC, which is a novel therapy for the treatment of malignant melanoma.To discuss
Amgen Inc	will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's second quarter 2008 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP OF IR, AMGEN INC.: Thank you, Dennis,
Amgen Inc	first half translate into expectations for the rest of the year. George Morrow, our Head of Commercial Operations, will then discuss our product performance in the US and international markets, both in the context of the second quarter and expectations for the remainder of the year. Roger Perlmutter, who as you know is our Head of Research and Development, will then provide a description of the recently disclosed data on denosumab, together with a brief review of our emerging products pipeline. We will be using slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website and a
Amgen Inc	we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to welcome you to our conference call. Today we'll focus on our performance for the third quarter and the outlook for the remainder of the year. We also hope to see you in New York in a couple of weeks on November 7, for our business review meeting where we intend
Amgen Inc	conclusion of the last speakers' prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). I would like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Dennis. Good afternoon, everybody, I would like to welcome you to our second quarter conference call. When we communicated our Q1 results, you may recall that several things affected our Q1 performance adversely, and yet we thought we would
Amgen Inc	conclusion of our last speakers prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Arvin Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIN SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Christian. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our third quarter results conference call. As we have a lot of ground to cover today, I will keep my comments very brief so we have adequate
Amgen Inc	Q&A session.(Operator Instructions).I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC.: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second quarter results conference call. Probably the best way to characterize this quarter, is solid revenue growth, both in the US and in international markets, and good business momentum, as we embark on the second half of this year. This morning, I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, who will provide a strategic overview of our performance during
Amgen Inc	you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our conference call to discuss our financial and operating results for the third quarter. With more than three-quarters of the year behind us, our business continues to perform well and has good momentum as we head into the latter part of the year. We have also taken several actions so we can deliver meaningful returns to our shareholders.To discuss our results and these initiatives, I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, who will provide a strategic overview of our performance, followed by our CFO, Jon Peacock,
Amgen Inc	last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session.(Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin, and good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our Q4 and full-year 2011 results conference call. The objective of this call is to review our solid performance in 2011, focus on our outlook on for 2012, and
Amgen Inc	conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to insure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourselves to asking one question during the Q&A session.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin, and good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our third-quarter conference call. We once again delivered solid revenue and earnings per share growth, which is a good indicator of our business momentum. To discuss this
Amgen Inc	Global Commercial Operations will then discuss our product performance both within the U.S. and international markets with a particular focus on critical issues that may influence product performance in 2008. Following George will be Roger Perlmutter, our Head of R&D who in the context of providing a pipeline update will discuss the results of a Phase-3 study comparing Denosumab to to Alendronate. After Roger's presentation we will open up for your questions.We will be using slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our Web site and a link was sent to you separately by e-mail.Before I
Amgen Inc	We hope it's a last. Thanks for joining us. My comments will be a bit longer than normal today, given all that's going on at Amgen, and the fact that we now have a more complete view of 2008, with a third of the year under our belt. First, I would like to talk about the quarterly results and what underlies them, as well as trends we see now and expect to develop. Revenue first. While reporting a revenue decline is painful and not our history or future expectation, it is a consequence of a tough year-over-year comparison. I know
Amgen Inc	of our entire management team here with a profound apology. Apparently British Telecom had a problem with one of their bridges at the last minute and we lost everybody. So thank you very much for your patience. We really appreciate your interest. I'm just going to go ahead and turn the call over to Kevin right away, and before we get started, I would just like to remind you that through the course of our presentation today, we are going to make certain forward-looking statements, and of course actual results can vary materially. So with that, let me go ahead
Amgen Inc	that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to welcome you to our conference call to review our third-quarter financial results.This sure has been a busy year. It's also been a great year so far as we have made remarkable progress against our strategic priorities.I'm joined today by our Chairman and CEO Bob Bradway, who will provide a progress update on our accomplishments. Following
Amgen Inc	have done over the past two quarters, we'll use slides for our presentations. These slides have been posted on our website and they were also sent separately by e-mail. So, before we start, I would like to mention that through the course of our presentations today, we'll make certain forward-looking statements and of course, actual results can vary materially.So, with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN SHARER, CEO, PRESIDENT AND CHAIRMAN, AMGEN: Thanks, Arvind. Hi, everybody. Happy New Year.We are taking a little bit different agenda approach today as Arvind said. We got a lot
Amgen Inc	Roger will spend some time discussing results of the recently completed Study 145 with Aranesp, as well as provide updates on key pipeline products including denosumab. As we have done in the past we will use slides for our presentation. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was also sent separately by e-mail. So before we start, I would like to mention that through the course of our presentation today we'll make certain forward-looking statements and, of course, actual results can vary materially. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN
Amgen Inc	our financial results for Q2 followed by George Morrow, our head of Global Commercial Operations. George is going to highlight our product performance in both the U.S. and international markets. Following George will be Roger Perlmutter, our head of R&D. Roger will provide updates on key pipeline products including Denosumab. As we have done in the past, we use slides for our presentation. These slides have been posted on our website, and a link was also sent separately by e-mail. So before we start, I would like to mention that through the course of our presentation today, we'll make certain
Amgen Inc	within the U.S. and international markets with a specific focus on recent developments within our anemia business. Following George, Roger Perlmutter our head of R&D will provide update on restructuring efforts within the R&D organization as well as an update on key pipeline products.As we have done in the past, we'll use slides for our presentation. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was sent separately by e-mail. Before we start, I would like to mention through the course of our presentation today we'll make certain forward-looking statements and of course actual results can vary materially.
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	last night. With me today, dialing from Mexico City, we have Daniel Hajj, CEO, Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona, Investor Relations Officer.I would like now to turn the call over to Daniel Hajj for his initial remarks. Daniel?DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Good morning, Mauricio. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for being in the call. As always, Carlos Garcia Moreno is going to make a summary of the fourth quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Daniel. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Mauricio, for hosting the call. The fourth quarter was our best ever in terms
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	Mr. Vera Rossi. Please go ahead.VERA ROSSI, ANALYST, HOST OF MORGAN STANLEY: Good morning for those of you in the U.S. and Latin America, and good afternoon to all of you in Europe. This is Vera Rossi. And on behalf of Morgan Stanley, we are pleased to be hosting America Movil first quarter '09 conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil; Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO. And also with us is Daniela Lecuona, Head of IR.I will turn the call over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you. Daniel?DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Yes, thank
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	Executive Officer; Carlos Garcia Moreno, Chief Financial Officer; Oscar Van Hauske, Chief Operating Officer; and Carlos Robles, Chief Financial Officer Telemex. I want to remind you that this morning our webcast is going to be supported by slides and you can access the presentation on our website.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for the America Movil second quarter of 2013 financial and operating report and Carlos is going to give us a presentation of the results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, good morning, everyone. With the US economy
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	seen in the notes, we had a very strong fourth quarter.We had net additions in the quarter of 9.7 million, which was a record for America Movil in terms of organic net gain. These net additions were well above the consensus. It was 1 million, exactly, above the consensus number and that means that we ended the year with a total of 32.2 million net additions. Again, this was a record. The previous record, which has been in 2004, had been a total of 17.2 million net additions. So the numbers here was mostly organic. Of the 32.2 million net
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you Andy, good morning everyone. We had a good quarters, again this first quarter 2006, we ended up topping 100m subscribers at the end of March. We ended up the month with about 100.6m subscribers which was an important benchmark to the company. This number changed with the net additions of 7.3m subscribers in the first quarter of the year, this made it the best first quarter that the Company has had. In fact, net additions in 2006, first quarter, were 40% higher than what we have seen a year ago.And the number for net additions was
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	second quarter. I think we can summarize it by saying that we have delivered the subscriber growth the market was expecting with far more EBITDA than the market had been expecting. Basically, our net additions of 7.2 million in the second quarter, which by the way was fairly similar to the ones that we have seen in the first quarter, as opposed to other years when we had seen much more [inaudible]. These net additions were very much in line with [average] the market was expecting.To the extent that there were any differences in the case of net additions, they
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	We added 6.2 million subscribers in the quarter, 1.6 million in Mexico, which was almost identical to the numbers for the previous quarter, for the second quarter. We had 1.2 million in Brazil. We had 950,000 in Argentina, which was by far its best number so far this year. And we had 786,000 net additions in Columbia.If we compare it to last year, the third quarter net adds were nearly 50% higher in Argentina. We're growing more rapidly in Argentina than last year. They were higher also in Mexico. They were 22% higher in Mexico. And they were identical in
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	in the region, but very much also explained by what appear to be network effects that are taking hold, and they are driving quite substantial increases in wireless penetration rates very much across the board.We have seen so far this year gains of roughly 6 to 7 points in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina in wireless penetration rates. We have seen again so far this year Colombia at 11 points penetration and Ecuador an additional 10 points. All together this has translated in a year-on-year subscriber growth for America Movil of 46.6% which represented a very strong 11.2% of quarter-over-quarter subscriber
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	may re-queue for another question. Today's conference is being recorded, if you have any objections please disconnect at this time. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Andre Baggio. Thank you, sir. You may begin.ANDRE BAGGIO, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Good morning, everyone. This is Andre Baggio, JPMorgan, Telecom and Media Analyst for Latin America. Today we are hosting America Movil's Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call. With us today, we have America Movil's CEO, Mr. Daniel Hajj, America Movil Wireline Business Director, [Austin van Holski], America Movil's CFO, Carlos Garcia Moreno and America Movil IR Manager, Daniela Lecuona.
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	would include, among others, Mexico and Argentina and Colombia. Again, with the strongest showing in the year.America Movil as a whole had its strongest quarter this quarter, and the number of subscriber additions that the Company managed to have was significantly above the market consensus estimates. It was roughly 30% higher than the market consensus has been putting.The second thing that is very important to mention regarding the third quarter numbers, is that we had also a very strong top line growth, also very much across the board. America Movil's consolidated revenues rose by 8.7% quarter-over-quarter, and if you were
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	to thank Merrill Lynch and Whitney because she is hosting this conference call and I am going to pass to Carlos Garcia-Moreno and he is going to make some more summary of the fourth quarter results.&nbsp;CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you Daniel and good morning everyone. Well as most of you are familiar with the press release I am going to report, Am&eacute;rica M&oacute;vil got a extraordinarily strong subscriber growth in the fourth quarter. This was the best ever for almost all of the subsidiaries. And this, you know, a year that already seen a sharper federation of subscriber
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	going to pass to Carlos.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SA DE CV: Hello, good morning everyone. Well, as you probably have seen from our report, we had a fairly strong first quarter of the year. We had 5.2m net subscriber additions, and product revenue came in at MXP38.8b, with MXP12.6b (ph) of EBITDA. The EBITDA margins in the quarter went up 7 points, related to the last quarter of last year.And what we have seen is that these results are, as regards the financial part, very much in line with what was the [consolidated] expectations in the market. The
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	afternoon. This is Andy Campbell from Credit Suisse. I am head of telecom, media, and technology research for Latin America. We have on the line with us today, from Mexico City, Daniel Hajj, CEO; Carlos Garcia-Moreno, CFO; Oscar Von Hauske, Director of Wireline Services; and Daniela Lecuona, Head of Investor Relations.At this point, I'd like to thank America Movil for allowing us to host the call today, and I'll hand it over to the Company for their opening remarks.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, Andy. Thank you, everybody, for being on the call. Carlos is going
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	and I'm the Latin America telecom and media analyst for Bank of American Merrill Lynch. We are honored to host this quarter's conference call to discuss America Movil's first quarter 2011 results. I'm in Sao Paulo, Brazil and from America Movil Mexico City we have Senor Hajj, CEO Carlos Garcia-Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona Torras, Investor Relations. Daniel, Carlos, and Daniela, thank you very much for the opportunity. Daniel and Carlos, you may now go ahead with your initial remarks.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, Mauricio. Thank you, everybody, for being on the call. As always,
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	Brazil, and from America Movil in Mexico we do have Daniel Hajj, CEO; Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO; Oscar Von Hauske, COO; and Daniela Lecuona, Head of Investor Relations. Daniel, thank you very much for the opportunity of hosting this call; you may now go ahead with your initial remarks. Thank you.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Thank you, Mauricio. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for being in our first quarter of 2012 financial and operating report. And Carlos is going to make us a small summary of the results of this quarter; Carlos.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	DE CV: Good morning, everybody. Thank you, Dan. Carlos is going to make a summary of our -- Thank you, first, for being in the call, and Carlos is going to make a summary of the second quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Good morning, everyone. Again, thanks to UBS for hosting the call today.The stabilization of financial markets that has come about at the beginning of the year has led to (technical difficulties) and provided economic activity in the region came to an end at the beginning of the second quarter and renewed concerns about
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	third quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A. DE C.V.: Hello, everyone. We have had a good quarter in the third quarter. It's a quarter where we had a still fairly strong subscriber growth, from a particular standpoint, particularly compared with the second quarter, but very much a lumpy trend that we have been seeing for the year.We added nearly 10m subscribers in the quarter, most of that organic. 3.3m came from acquisitions of the Peruvian and the Paraguayan operations, and the Chilean operations, all of which are grown in the month of August. And by the end of
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	I would now like to turn the conference over to Vera Rossi. Please go ahead.VERA ROSSI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Good morning, everyone. This is Vera Rossi. And on behalf of Morgan Stanley, we are pleased to be hosting AMX fourth quarter conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil, Carlos Garcia-Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona, Head of Investor Relations. I will turn the call over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you. Daniel?DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Thank you, Vera. Good morning, everyone. As always, Carlos is going to make a small summary of the
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	My name is Mauricio Fernandes and I'm the Latin America Telecom and Media Analyst for Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. We are honored to host this quarter's conference call to discuss America Movil's first quarter 2010 results. I'm in Sao Paulo, Brazil, and from America Movil in Mexico City, we have Daniel Hajj, CEO, Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona, Head of Investor Relations.Daniel, Carlos, and Daniela, thank you very much for the opportunity. Daniel and Carlos, you may now go ahead with your initial remarks. Thank you.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Thank you, Mauricio. Good morning,
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Rizwan Ali, Senior Latin American Telecom Analyst at Deutsche Bank. You may begin.RIZWAN ALI, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Good morning and good afternoon to those in Europe. It's a pleasure for us to host America Movil's Second Quarter 2010 Conference Call. Representing the Company today is Mr. Daniel Hajj, the CEO, Mr. Carlos Garcia Moreno, the CFO and Daniela Lecuona, the IR Manager.And with this, I'll ask Mr. Hajj to begin his presentation, after
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	participating in the call.We ended the year with 325.7 million access lines. That was 8.7% more than a year before. Our fixed-line accesses increased 10.8% year on year on the back of PayTV and fixed broadband accesses, while our wireless subscriber base rose 8.2%.We added 5.6 million wireless subscribers in the fourth quarter, after one-off disconnections of 1.5 million clients, taking our net adds for the year to 19.8 million, which is 18% more than in the prior year. On the quarter's net gains, 1.8 million came from Brazil, where we got approximately half of the net additions of the
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	Oscar Von Hauske, Chief Operating Officer; and Carlos Robles, Chief Financial Officer of Telmex.Daniel.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Yes, good morning, everybody. Thank you for being on America Movil's first-quarter 2013 financial and operating report. And Carlos Garcia Moreno is going to make us a summary of the results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Okay, thank you, Daniel. Good morning, everyone. The euro economy continued to face strong headwinds in the first quarter of the year. We expect economic growth for 2013 worsening even further in Europe and China. In Latin America, several countries'
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: All right, good morning. Thank you, Carlos. Good morning, everyone. Before going into the summary of our third quarter results, which Carlos Garcia Moreno will present in a few minutes, I wanted to take this opportunity to present to you our views as to the outlook for America Movil in the coming months, given the extraordinary circumstances that financial markets have been under recently.First, I would like to mention that going into this crisis, the Latin American countries where we operate were in a strong shape. Public finances have improved, bringing down public
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	you, Andres, and as always, it's -- thank you for being in the call. Carlos Garcia-Moreno is going to make a small summary of the second quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Andres, for opening the call. As was the case in the first quarter, the second quarter was characterized by a fairly sharp economic contraction involving US and Mexico. But this time, the general outlook for the main economies in South America seems to improve towards the period.Overall, the combination in most operations of strong data growth, the deceleration of subscriber
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Tomas Lejeu. Sir, you may begin.TOMAS LEJEU, ANALYST, UBS: Good morning, everyone. This is Tomas Lejeu from UBS. Thank you all for joining us today at America Movil's conference call for the third quarter of 2009. I am pleased to introduce Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil, Carlos Garcia-Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona, Head of IR.I will turn the call over to Daniel and Carlos for their initial remarks, and then we can move on to the Q&A session. Daniel?DANIEL
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	America Movil third quarter '11 conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil; Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO; Oscar Von Hauske, COO; and Daniela Lecuona, IR Manager.I would like to turn the speaker over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you, Daniel.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, Vera. Thank you everybody. Thank you for being in the Americas Movil third quarter result. Carlos Garcia Moreno makes a small summary of the results; Carlos?CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, Vera, for hosting the call. Good morning, everyone.Well, America Movil added 5.5
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	on to the Q&A.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Thank you, Tomas. Thank you, everyone. Carlos, as always, is going to make a summary of the results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Thank you, Tomas, for hosting the call. Good morning, everyone.In spite of the increaser uncertainty worldwide in the last quarter 2011, with high financial volatility extending from the European crisis and still with the US economy, the tone of the Latin American markets continued to be strong throughout the end of the year. America Movil thus posted a 13% increase in gross wireless
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	and Carlos Garcia Moreno is going to make a summary of the results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Hello, good morning everyone. The measures announced in the third quarter by the European Central Bank contributed to a relative stabilization of financial markets and laid the ground for the sustained appreciation of the Mexican peso from its lows in mid-June.In South America economic growth appeared to recover somewhat in July, but probably drifted lower in the remainder of the quarter as a result of the slowdown in China. In spite of the relatively soft economic environment, we were
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	that we have obtained, to finish the year with 153.4 million subs.Overall, in 2007, we gained 28.6 million clients, nearly as many as the organic subscriber additions that we had the year before and roughly 6 million or so higher than the number that we had expected at the beginning of the year. In Mexico, we had 2.5 million net additions in the fourth quarter, slightly more than in the same period last year, whereas in Brazil we had our best quarter ever, with 2.2 million gains, 35% more than a year before.Argentina and Colombia contained over a million subscribers
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	very good subscriber growth and revenue growth in the context of declining prices that has happened very much across the board but with strong traffic expansion and content churn. I think one thing that is important is to note that relative to the consensus our revenues were below the expected numbers and we are going to be addressing this in the call but the EBITDA margins are virtually identical to the consensus, even in spite of the fact that subscriber growth was a good 20% higher than the market was expecting, so we had a very good EBITDA margin given
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	and Latin American and good afternoon to our few in Europe. This is Vera Rossi and on behalf of Morgan Stanley we are pleased to be hosting America Movil first quarter '08 conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil, Carolos Garcia-Moreno, CFO, and also with us is Daniela Lecuona, Head of IR.I will turn the speaker over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you Daniel.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Vera. Thank you for hosting the call and thank you everybody for attending the call. As always, Carlos Garcia-Moreno is going to make a summary of
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	quarter 2008 earnings conference call. On this call we will have Daniel Hajj, CEO; Carolos Garcia-Moreno, CFO; and Daniela Lecuona, Head of IR.Now I would like to turn over to Daniel Hajj for his administrative presentation, which will be followed by your Q&A.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Andre. Thank you everybody for being in the call. Carlos Garcia-Moreno is going to present the summary of the second quarter financial and operating results. Carlos, please.CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Hello. Thanks for hosting the call, Andre. Good morning, everyone.America Movil obtained solid financial results in second quarter that were
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	growth. The Latin American countries where we operate continue to do well economically, having benefited from a (inaudible) gain coming from the increasing price of commodities, oil, minerals, food stuffs, and the decline in the price of imported manufactured goods. These gains are driving an expansion of consumption that has underpinned the growth of wireless services.The second quarter was characterized by very strong subscriber growth. Our net addition, 6.1 million, exceeded those of a year before and also those registered the previous quarter. Our subscriber base thus reached 165.3 million subs at the end of June, which represents a 20.4%
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	call. Carlos is going to make a summary of the third quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B DE C.V.: Hello. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for being in the call.Well, we finished September with 333.4 million accesses, 4.6% more than a year before. Wireless subscribers were up 3.6% to 265 million after 3.1 million net adds in the quarter, whereas our fixed line RGUs rose 8.6% to 68 million accesses, of which 1.4 million were obtained in the third quarter.In wireless, our postpaid base increased 11.3% from the year before, whereas our prepaid base rose by 2.3%, reflecting
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	organically and incorporated an additional 2.1 million through the acquisition of the Dominican operations from Verizon. That means that altogether our subscriber base increased by 31.4 million subs in 2006 taking us to approximately 125 million subscribers by the end of the year. In Mexico we gained 2.5 million subs in the last quarter bringing the total for the year to 7.3 million. It's one of our more important subscriber additions in Mexico ever.In Brazil, we obtained 1.7 million new subs in this last quarter, which by the way represented 42.2% of the total net additions of the market in
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	was expecting. In fact, net income was 26% above the consensus.Revenues were slightly higher than consensus, but analysts generally seem to have erred on over estimating equipment revenues and underestimating service revenues. The rate of scale that we have obtained in our operations is facilitating our growth. It now requires less of an effort in relative terms for America Movil to obtain a given rate of subscriber growth. We have also benefited from lower handset costs and lower subsidies in most of our operations. All these factors have contributed to the improvement of our margins.All together, America Movil added 5.9
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	incorporate very different assumptions of the corresponding figures for Puerto Rico. It is not clear to what extent these assumptions distorted the consensus estimates. We added 6 million subscribers in the second quarter, slightly more organic net additions than in the first quarter to finish the first half of 2007 with 137.2 million subscribers.Our total number of lines including 3.8 million fixed lines was 141 million. In absolute terms, the largest gains were in Brazil, 1.6 million followed by Mexico with 1.2 million and Argentina with approximately 770,000 subscribers. We had roughly 0.5 million net adds in both Peru and
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	third quarter, with solid subscriber growth, brisk service revenue growth, and very good cash flow and EBITDA. Whereas EBITDA was in line with consensus, net additions exceeded by over 8% THE market consensus, there was more bang for the buck.Our net additions totaled 6.2 million subscribers. Unusually for a third quarter, they exceeded those of the second quarter and were slightly higher than the ones we had last year. Postpaid subscribers grew more rapidly than prepaid subscribers in various markets, including Mexico and Brazil. In absolute terms, Brazil and Mexico led the way with 1.7 million and 1.4 million subscribers,
Amazon.com Inc	well as the metrics and commentary on the quarter are included and will correspond to much of the discussion that follows.During this call we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures. In the release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC each of which is posted on our IR web site, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. And finally, unless otherwise stated all comparisons used in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2002.With that, I(TM)ll turn the call over
Amazon.com Inc	It will correspond with much of the discussion that follows. During this call we also present certain non-GAAP financial measures. In the release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against the results for the comparable period of 2003. With that I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMZN: Thanks Tim. Today I'll discuss our financial and operating results and
Amazon.com Inc	is posted on our IR Web site, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures to certain comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2003.With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: Thanks, Tim. Today I will discuss our financial and operating results and our future expectations. This was another successful quarter for Amazon.com as we continued to execute on our strategy of low prices, broad selection and convenience to our customers.Let me start with
Amazon.com Inc	and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A. The following discussion in response to your questions reflect management's views as of today, January 29, 2009 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC. Including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.
Amazon.com Inc	Relations, Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead, sir.ROB ELDRIDGE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q1 '09 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 23, 2009, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most
Amazon.com Inc	Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO, who will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 25, 2013, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial
Amazon.com Inc	our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including the reconciliation of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2004.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: Thanks, Tim. This was another successful year for Amazon.com. We significantly expanded our value proposition for customers, and we are grateful to our customers, our global teams and our partners for helping deliver these results.Let me
Amazon.com Inc	posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: Thanks, Kim. This was another successful quarter for Amazon.com. I will start with comments on our financial results.Trailing 12-month free cash flow grew 21% to $501 million. Free cash flow is operating cash flow minus capital expenditures. Trailing 12-month free cash flow includes a onetime payment
Amazon.com Inc	financial measures. In our press release, slides 2 accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Kim. I will begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow declined 23% to $375 million. Free cash flow is
Amazon.com Inc	IR website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: Thanks, Kim. I will begin with comments on our financial results. The trailing 12-month free cash flow declined 23% to $366 million, driven primarily by our increased expenditure in technology and content. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 435 million shares compared with 438 million, down
Amazon.com Inc	website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2004.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: Thanks, Tim. This was another successful quarter for Amazon.com. I will start with comments on our financial results. Our ultimate financial measure and the one we most want to optimize over the long-term is free cash flow per share. Trailing 12 months or TTM free cash flow grew 37% to $486 million
Amazon.com Inc	is posted on our website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliation to these measures of comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against the results for the comparable period of 2004.Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Tim. This was another successful quarter for Amazon.com. I'll start with comments on our financial results. The financial measure we're working to maximize over the long term is free cash flow per share. Trailing 12 months free cash flow grew 13% to $475 million. As announced
Amazon.com Inc	views as of today, October 21, 2010 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During the call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings
Amazon.com Inc	additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2003. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: This was another solid quarter for Amazon.com as we continued to improve our worldwide customer experience through broad product selections, low prices and shopping convenience. Let me start with a few comments on our financial and operating results.Free cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis grew 76 percent to $420 million, driven by
Amazon.com Inc	will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against results for the comparable period of 2003.Before Tom reviews the results, let me now turn the call over to Jeff.JEFF BEZOS, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Tim. During the 2000 and 2001 holiday seasons, Amazon.com tested free shipping on our
Amazon.com Inc	on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliation to these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2004.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP & CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Tim. This was another successful quarter for Amazon.com. I will start with comments on our financial results. Our ultimate financial measure and the one we most want to drive over the long-term is free cash flow per share. Trailing 12 months or TTM
Amazon.com Inc	be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect Management's views as of today, July 26, 2011, only; and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's Conference Call, we encourage you to have our Press Release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During
Amazon.com Inc	Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 26, 2012, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial
Amazon.com Inc	prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 26, 2012, only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain
Amazon.com Inc	factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these
Amazon.com Inc	today, April 22, 2010 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about the factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with
Amazon.com Inc	today, April 22, 2010 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about the factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with
Amazon.com Inc	responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 22, 2010, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about the factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our
Amazon.com Inc	2011 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which
Amazon.com Inc	welcome to our Q1 2011 financial results conference call. Joining us today are Tom Szkutak, our CFO, and Rob Eldridge, our VP of Investor Relations. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 26, 2011 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's conference call,
Amazon.com Inc	your questions reflect management's views as of today, January 29, 2013, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release,
Amazon.com Inc	CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 25, 2013 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call we encourage you to have our press release in front of you which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary
Amazon.com Inc	to your questions reflect management's views as of today October 22, 2008 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filing with the SEC including our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures and our press release, slides accompanying
Amazon.com Inc	AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q2 2009 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. As Jeff is traveling today, Tom and I will be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 23, 2009 only, will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you
Amazon.com Inc	conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, October 22, 2009 only, will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about the factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During
Amazon.com Inc	materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will
Amazon.com Inc	about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-Q.As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding
Amazon.com Inc	reflect Management's views as of today, October 25, 2012 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying
Amazon.com Inc	which is posted on our IR website. You'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: This was another successful year for Amazon.com. Let me start by reviewing 2007 financial results. Free cash flow grew 143% to $1.18 billion. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 435 million shares, compared with 436 million shares. Return on invested
Amazon.com Inc	is posted on our IR website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconsiderations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2007. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: I will begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing twelve-month free cash flow increased 51% to $788 million. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 435 million shares compared with 430 million.Return on invested capital was 32%, up from 30%. Worldwide
Amazon.com Inc	be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflects management's views as of today, April 23, 2008 only. It will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial
Amazon.com Inc	Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 23, 2008 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary
Amazon.com Inc	discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC -- each of which is posted on our Investor Relations website -- you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2007.Now with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased 16% to
Amazon.com Inc	as of today, October 24, 2013, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as our metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast,
Amazon.com Inc	of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005.Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Kim. We demonstrated significant sequential improvement in operating leverage, achieving 4% positive leverage in Q4 from -11% in Q3. Operating leverage is the change in consolidated segment operating income relative to the change in sales.We increased Q4 the CSOI by 24%
Amazon.com Inc	In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006.Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Kim. I'll begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased 4% to $521 million (technical difficulty) of common stock and stock-based awards
Amazon.com Inc	our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Kim. I'll begin with comments on our financial results.Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased 87% to $700 million, while the combination of common stock and stock-based
Amazon.com Inc	our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Kim. I'll begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased 118% to $800 million, while the combination of common stock and stock-based
American Express Co	with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In the fourth quarter 2003 earnings release and supplement which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the managed basis financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information as well as AEFA's GAAP and net revenues. And explains why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express will
American Express Co	on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A. With that, let me turn the discussion over to Gary.GARY CRITTENDEN: Welcome and thanks for joining with us today. As you have already seen, our first-quarter diluted EPS before the accounting change of $.66 increased 25 percent versus $0.53 last year. First-quarter diluted EPS after the accounting change was $0.61 and it increased by 15 percent. As previously disclosed, we adopted the American Institute of Certified Public Accountant's statement of position 03-1 effective January 1st. This accounting change entails the establishment of reserves
American Express Co	to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Stovall, please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Carey, and thank you everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion.It is my job as usual to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking
American Express Co	Thank you, Dave, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it's my responsibility to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within
American Express Co	to risks and uncertainties, and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement, which were filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2012 10-K and Q1 2013 10-Q already on file with the SEC.The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP
American Express Co	in the Company's 2004 10-K report, already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the fourth-quarter 2005 earnings release supplement, which is now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in and 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's pro forma return on equity to be discussed today with our consolidated return on equity, as well as the U.S. card services segment's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information. And we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review
American Express Co	reconciles the Company's pro forma return on equity as we discussed today with our consolidated return on equity, as well as the US Card Services segment managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information. And we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information with conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks, highlighting the key points related to today's announcements. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity
American Express Co	on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's pro forma return on equity to be discussed today with our consolidated return on equity, as well as the U.S. card services segment's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information. And we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussions.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement.
American Express Co	8-K report, and in the Company's 2005 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the third quarter 2006 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com, and on file with the SEC in a 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's U.S. Card Services segment, the managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief
American Express Co	the second-quarter 2004 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the American SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the managed basis financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information, as well as AEFA's GAAP and net revenues, and explains why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the
American Express Co	2005 earnings release supplement which is now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report we have provided information that compares and reconciles TRS's managed basis financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information and explains why this presentation is useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks we
American Express Co	an 8-K report and in the Company's 2004 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In the third-quarter 2005 earnings release supplement, which is now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's pro forma return on equity to be discussed today with our consolidated return on equity, as well as the U.S. card services segments, managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We
American Express Co	welcome. We appreciate all of you for joining us today in the call.As usual, it's my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release,
American Express Co	an 8-K report and in the Company's 2003 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the third quarter 2004 earnings release and supplement which are now posted on our Web site at ir.americanexpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the managed basis, financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information as well as AEFA's GAAP and net revenues and explains why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge to you review that information in conjunction with
American Express Co	including the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2003 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the fourth quarter 2004 earnings release supplement, which is now posted on our Web site at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the managed basis financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information as well as AEFA's GAAP and net revenues and explains why these
American Express Co	report, and in the Company's 2004 10-K report, already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the first-quarter 2005 earnings release supplement, which is now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles TRS's managed-basis financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information, and explains why this presentation is useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's call.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will
American Express Co	likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement, which were filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2010 10-K report, already on file with the SEC.In the first quarter 2012 earnings release and earnings supplement, as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at IR.Americanexpress.com, we have provided information that describes certain non-GAAP financial measures used by the
American Express Co	words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement which were filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2011 10-K and Q1 2012 10-Q report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the second quarter 2012 earnings release and earnings supplement as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now
American Express Co	COMPANY: Thank you, Gloria, and thanks to all of you for joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it's my responsibility to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's
American Express Co	certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2009 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the first-quarter 2010
American Express Co	prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2009 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the second quarter 2010 earnings release and earnings supplement on file with the
American Express Co	AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay. Thanks, Anne, and welcome to everybody. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it's my honor to present to you some legal information, and that is that the discussions today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including
American Express Co	of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay, thank you, Dave, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. As usual, it's my role to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today.The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ
American Express Co	optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement, which were filed in an 8-K Report and in the Company's 2012 10-K already on file with the SEC.The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in the first-quarter 2013 earnings release, earnings supplement, and presentation slides, as well as the
American Express Co	slight delay; we had a couple of issues with our conference provider through the Web.It is my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press
American Express Co	earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2007 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the third quarter 2008 earnings release, supplement and presentation slides, which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's
American Express Co	optimistic, intend, claim, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2008 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in the second quarter 2009 earnings release and earnings supplement on file with the SEC in an 8-K report as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our
American Express Co	joining us for today's discussion. As usual, it is my responsibility to remind you that the discussions today contain certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today.The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report
American Express Co	only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2010 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the second quarter 2011 earnings release and earnings supplement as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted
American Express Co	risks and uncertainties, and speak only as of today.The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K Report and in the Company's 2010 10-K Report, already on file with the SEC.In a third-quarter 2011 earnings release and earnings supplement, as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now listed on
American Express Co	expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements including the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement which were filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2010 10-K report, already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the fourth quarter 2011 earnings release and earnings supplement as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com,
American Express Co	believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement, which were filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2011 10-K and Q1 and Q2 2012 10-Q reports already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in
American Express Co	posted on our website, at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report we have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator who will announce
American Express Co	in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2007 10-Q report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the first-quarter 2008 earnings release and supplement which are now posted on our Web site at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information. We explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
American Express Co	certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identifying forward looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2007 10-Q report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
American Express Co	statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties that speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2007 10-K reports already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the second-quarter 2008 earnings
American Express Co	slides, which are now posted on our website at ir.AmericanExpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that describes the Company's managed, basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Ken Chenault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of American Express, will provide some brief opening comments addressing today's announcement and the current environment. Then Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review
American Express Co	in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2011 10-K and Q1, Q2, and Q3 2012 Form 10-Q reports already on file with the SEC.The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in the fourth-quarter 2012 earnings release, earning supplement, and presentation slides, as well as the earnings materials for the prior period that may be discussed, all of which are posted on our website at IR. AmericanExpress.com. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will begin with Dan Henry, Executive Vice President
American Express Co	SEC. The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in the third-quarter 2013 earnings release, earnings supplement, and presentation slides, as well as the earnings materials for prior periods that may be discussed, all of which are posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com.We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion. Today's discussion will begin with Jeff Campbell, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed, and
American Express Co	2006 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information. And we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks, highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will
American Express Co	with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the first-quarter 2007 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Acting Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key point related to today's
American Express Co	the Company's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and acting Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask questions. While we will
American Express Co	already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the third-quarter 2007 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points relating
AstraZeneca PLC	to update forward-looking statements.We will now be joined to the auditorium ready for the start of the conference.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA: Great. Well, good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our AstraZeneca's full-year results presentation for 2008. So a pleasure to be here with you, and thank you all for coming, and welcome to those that are online with us.After my opening remarks, you will be hearing from Simon Lowth, our Chief Financial Officer. Simon will take you through in some detail a very thorough review of the financial performance of the business in 2008. And then John Patterson, Executive Director for
AstraZeneca PLC	team.As you know, today is a busy day for reporting in the sector. It's also our AGM. So with that in mind, we do have a hard stop today just before two o'clock UK time.And before I hand over to Simon I would like to read the usual Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to use the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca, and by their nature forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and
AstraZeneca PLC	on a CER basis, a $500 million decline coming from loss of exclusivity, which is very much in line with our expectations.Despite this, we saw good a double-digit increase from our four key growth platforms -- our five growth platforms, sorry, which provided in aggregate more than $400 million of incremental revenue in CER terms.I would also highlight our growing late-stage pipeline with two NDA submissions, one Phase III start and more to come later this year, and importantly, three late-stage projects that have been added to our pipeline via business development.The headlines, from a sales and profit viewpoint, as
AstraZeneca PLC	the target that we set at the beginning of last year. Operating profit was up 39% in constant currency. Earnings per share, at $2.91, were up 41% in constant currency before exceptional items.The Board has recommended in the second interim dividend an increase, bringing the full-year dividend to $1.30, up 38% over last year.Our business generated $6b in free cash flow, cash that is being used to grow our business and to add to shareholder value. In 2005, $4.7b was returned to shareholders by way of dividends and share repurchases.Looking at sales by region, you can see a strong performance
AstraZeneca PLC	usual first quarter agenda. That is, some brief introductory remarks on the headline figures, some of the key product highlights, some additional commentary on the P&L and then finish with some comments on why we've increased our financial targets for the year. We'll leave ample time for your questions.Before I turn to the results, a brief word on today's other announcement. You'll have seen that earlier this morning we've announced an agreement with Abraxis BioScience to co-promote their cancer therapy product, ABRAXANE in the U.S. In addition to the co-promotion agreement, we also announced the divestment of our U.S. anesthetic
AstraZeneca PLC	currency basis. Operating profit at over $2.1 billion was up 30% in constant currency. The operating profit included a $109 million gain on the divestment of the U.S. anesthetics and analgesics products to Abraxis Bioscience. This is a result of the agreement announced in April and closed in June. If we exclude that one-off gain, operating profit was still up a very healthy 23% over last year. And earnings per share were $1.02 versus $0.75 last year. That's constant currency growth of 41%. The divestment gain contributed around $0.05 to EPS in the quarter.Now, looking at the half year, sales
AstraZeneca PLC	results. John.&nbsp;DR. JOHN PATTERSON, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF DEVELOPMENT, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you Jonathan. Good afternoon or good morning. As you know development of drugs in the field of stroke is a very high risk endeavor and as we've said to you on a number of occasions previously we regard this development of NXY-059 as being in that category. So the results this morning shouldn't have been a total surprise to you although they are a disappointment to stroke patients and, of course, to ourselves. We're comfortable, however, to say that the SAINT II study was a very well designed and
AstraZeneca PLC	today's other announcement. As I'm sure you know, this morning the Board announced that David Brennan would succeed me at the end of the year.Career development and succession planning are taken very seriously in AstraZeneca. And over recent years the Board has been carefully preparing for the change, first of all of our Chairman and then the CEO. AstraZeneca has an extremely talented Executive team who work really well together. I'm delighted that after a rigorous process the Board has selected one of the team, David, to take the Company forward to what I'm sure will be a prosperous future.
AstraZeneca PLC	to Simon, I'd like to read the safe harbor statement. The Company intends to use the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their nature forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.With that, now I'll turn over to Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Well thank you, Jonathan, and good afternoon
AstraZeneca PLC	the third quarter; key product highlights - and since we had a thorough review of the performance of many of our key brands earlier this month at our annual business review, I'll make those brief; trends in costs, margins and currency; the outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year; and finally, our timetable for releasing restated financials under International Accounting Standards.And then we'll turn the balance of the call over to questions and answers.So first the headlines.Sales for the third quarter were $5.3b, up 7% in constant currency with exchange benefits adding another 3 points, to give 10%
AstraZeneca PLC	and the implications on future performance a bit later.Strong sales performances were seen across the whole portfolio with mid to high teens growth from our cardiovascular, oncology and neuroscience products and with respiratory up 8%. In GI, sales were down 4%. But that figure masked the 15% growth in Nexium to $3.9 billion. Very good, but not quite enough to make up for the 50% decline in Losec.The growth portfolio once again drove the top line summing in another outstanding performance with sales reaching 11.2 billion, up 30%. And these products now comprise 52% of total company sales compared with
AstraZeneca PLC	call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Symonds. John?JON SYMONDS, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. As always, I will start with the call with some brief opening remarks touching on the highlights for the quarter, and then we will turn straight to your questions. First the headline numbers; and as a reminder, beginning with the first quarter of 2005, all of our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards.Sales in the quarter were 5.7 billion, up 13% as reported, 9% in constant currency, with exchange benefits adding 4%. Operating
AstraZeneca PLC	forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.(Operator Instructions). You will now be joined to the auditorium, and the call will be starting in a few minutes. Thank you.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Okay. Sorry for the slight delay. There were a few other people coming in, so we thought we'd just give them a couple more minutes. So, I'd like to welcome all of you and say good afternoon to those of you that are here with us in London, and I'd also like to thank the people that are joining us on the webcast for
AstraZeneca PLC	Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.And with that, let me hand over to you, Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan and good afternoon, or good morning, to everyone.Aside from the one-off impacts from tax and patent settlements, the underlying business performance in the first quarter has turned out largely
AstraZeneca PLC	like to read the follow safe harbor statement.The Company intends to utilize the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.So with that, let me hand over to you, David.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Great, Jonathan. Thank you, and hello, ladies and gentlemen.
AstraZeneca PLC	I think the Board believes, and we discussed yesterday, that vesting authority in the team that's accountable for the day-to-day running of the business into the future is really the best way to ensure both continuity and clear leadership during the transition period. So to me, that makes perfect sense.I believe also the Company has an exceptionally strong executive team in place; something that I'm actually personally very proud of. And I believe, under Simon's directorship, the team will continue to provide strong collective leadership while the Board carries out a thorough search, both internally and externally for my successor.The
AstraZeneca PLC	loss of exclusivity of several key products, most notably Seroquel IR from March.Products with loss of exclusivity accounted for 15 percentage points of our 18% decline in second quarter revenue in constant currency terms.In addition to the challenges from our specific portfolio due to generics, we continue to face the same difficult market conditions that the whole industry faces as the global economy struggles to return to sustainable growth. Government interventions in the marketplace continue to take their toll. We estimate the impact to AstraZeneca at around $300 million in the second quarter alone.The disposals of Astra Tech and Aptium
AstraZeneca PLC	trends you have now been seeing for four quarters. Sales increased by 9% in constant currency to just under $5.8b for the quarter. Operating profits were up 45% and earnings per share were $0.76. Note that earnings per share in the third quarter last year included a $0.17 benefit from non-recurring items. From the disposal of the Advanta business and the recognition of a tax credit on the Zolidex settlement. Excluding those items, earnings per share were up 52% for the third quarter.For the nine months it is a very similar picture. Constant exchange rate sales growth of 10%, operating
AstraZeneca PLC	differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. (Operator Instructions). We will now be joined to the auditorium ready for the start of the conference. Thank you.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Okay. Well, good afternoon, everyone, those of you here with us in London, we are glad you could make it, and those of you that are joining via the webcast welcome. We are glad you are there. As I think you may have seen from our press release, we have an awful lot to cover in today's
AstraZeneca PLC	Leading today's call is Simon Lowth, CFO of AstraZeneca. Also on the call are members of the finance and the investor relations team.30 PM UK time.So before I hand over to Simon, let me read the usual Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to use the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on the call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. And as you know, by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or
AstraZeneca PLC	Leading today's call is Simon Lowth, CFO of AstraZeneca. Also on the call are members of the finance and the investor relations team.30 PM UK time.So before I hand over to Simon, let me read the usual Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to use the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on the call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. And as you know, by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or
AstraZeneca PLC	in London. Thank you.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and good morning to those of you in the states who are joining us. I'd like to welcome you to our webcast and conference call to go through our second-quarter and half-year results for 2010. So, let me just start with a review of the key events since we last convened for our full-year results back at the end of January and then look at the headline numbers for the first half of the year.Simon Lowth is here. Simon will take you through the second quarter. He'll
AstraZeneca PLC	We will now hand you over to James Ward-Lilley at AstraZeneca where the meeting is about to start.JAMES WARD-LILLEY, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to AstraZeneca's Q4 and Full Year 2012 Results. Happy to take questions and support whatever questions we have through the day. And without further ado, I'll hand over to Pascal Soriot.PASCAL SORIOT, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, James, and good afternoon, everyone. It's really a pleasure to see you all again. Welcome to our 2012 Full Year Results presentation.First, let me set the stage for today's agenda. I will make some opening
AstraZeneca PLC	at the time of this call. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. I will now hand you over to Simon Lowth.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Well, thank you, operator, and good afternoon to everybody on the call. Let me start with a couple of things. Firstly, to tell you that -- all of you that I've contracted some sort of cold over the last couple of days, so I will take occasional pauses as we go through this call to take a glass of water. So I hope you'll forgive me for that.But as we move then
AstraZeneca PLC	and financial performance of AstraZeneca, and by their very nature forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward looking statements.And with that, I'll now turn the call over to David.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good Jonathan, thank you. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, also, for joining us on our webcast and our conference call. And as Jonathan said, we'll cover second quarter and half year 2008 financial results.The program is pretty straight forward. I'll make some
AstraZeneca PLC	is pretty straight forward. I'll make some brief opening remarks. And then, as Jonathan said, Simon Lowth is here. He'll take you through the details of the financial results for the quarter, and Dr. John Patterson will then provide his customary semi-annual review of the R&D pipeline. And then after our presentations there will be plenty of time to take questions.So, why don't I just do a quick intro for you? The first half of 2008 has really seen some significant accomplishments for the Company. With a solid performance in the first half now under our belt, we've been able
AstraZeneca PLC	hand over to Simon, I'd like to read the usual Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.With that I'll now turn the call over to Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan,
AstraZeneca PLC	statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.I'll now turn the call over to David Brennan, AstraZeneca's CEO. David.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our webcast and conference call for AstraZeneca's second quarter and half-year 2009 financial results.As you well know, a lot has happened in the world since January, when I presented our full-year
AstraZeneca PLC	to Simon, let me remind us all of the usual Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to use the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca.By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements. So with that, let me turn the call over to Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you,
AstraZeneca PLC	United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements in respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to upgrade forward-looking statements. Information about the principal risks which may affect the Company can be found in the Company's annual report and form 20F information. I will now hand over to Simon Lowth.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Karl, and good afternoon
AstraZeneca PLC	annual report and Form 20F information.At the end of today's presentation, there will be a Q&A session for those listening via this telephone service, together with those attending in person or participating via the webcast. (Operator Instructions).The meeting will start in a few moments, with opening remarks from AstraZeneca's CEO, David Brennan. I will now connect you with the auditorium in London.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Well, hello, everyone. Welcome to our full-year 2011 results briefing, as well as some comments that we'll make about 2012. Tony is here, Tony Zook, the Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations. He'll present
AstraZeneca PLC	ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, and welcome to AstraZeneca's third quarter and nine-month results. Delighted to welcome you to the analysts' call for the business today, where I'll hand over, in a moment, to Pascal Soriot, our new Chief Executive Officer; who will then hand onto Simon Lowth, our CFO; after which there will be time for Q&A.So, without further ado, I'll hand over to Pascal. Over to you. Welcome.PASCAL SORIOT, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, James, and good afternoon, everyone. As I just joined AstraZeneca on October 1, it should come as no surprise to you that I'm going to
AstraZeneca PLC	our Executive team are here, notably from the Rest of World business is Bruno Angelici, and then Tony Zook, who runs North America as well as our Global Marketing Group. They'll pitch in during the Q&A session with any questions you have that are specific to them. I'm sure there will be some.We're looking forward to the review this afternoon to talk about how our business performed over the course of the last year, to talk about the prospects for the future and then to engage in discussion with you and to answer any questions that you might have.Now, despite
AstraZeneca PLC	of, I think 2007 was a year of pretty significant achievement for AstraZeneca. We made progress in all areas that we've identified as our strategic priorities.In terms of the underlying financial performance, we delivered earnings per share that were ahead of the targets that we set at the beginning of the year. This was a result of both sales growth as well as operating margin improvement when you adjust for the one-off changes that we put in the figures.We made excellent progress for delivering on what I believe is a comprehensive program that we're using, to reshape our cost base
AstraZeneca PLC	over to Simon Lowth. Simon.&nbsp;SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Jonathan, thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. It's been a busy period for AstraZeneca, since we last convened for the full year results back in January. We continue to drive the current portfolio to increase revenue. And our restructuring and productivity initiatives continue to expand operating margins and deliver profit growth, while we invest in our pipeline of future products.To this end, we've made the first of three regulatory filings scheduled for this year, with the U.S. filing for motavizumab in January. And just last week we took a major
AstraZeneca PLC	starts immediately after this call, so we will be focusing on running to time today. But before I hand over the call to Simon, I'd like to read the usual Safe Harbor statement.The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca, and by their very nature forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation
AstraZeneca PLC	reflect the knowledge and information available at the time of this call. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.I'll now hand you over to Pascal Soriot.PASCAL SORIOT, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Hello, everybody. It's Pascal Soriot here from AstraZeneca. It's really a pleasure to welcome you to our Q3 and nine-months conference. It's my pleasure to introduce some of our team members here present with me in the room. We have Simon Lowth, of course, our CFO. We also have Briggs Morrison, our CMO and our EVP for Global Medical Development. And, finally, Mark Dunoyer, who has been our
AstraZeneca PLC	and outlined my priorities for 2006. Anticipating my first year as Chief Executive as AstraZeneca, I stated, at the time, that the priorities were to maintain business momentum from top line growth, improve productivity and strong cash generation, and further strengthen the pipeline, tapping internal and external sources of growth. Today, as I look back on what has happened during the past year, I'm pleased to report that AstraZeneca has delivered another top tier financial performance, continuing the momentum that has been building for the last three years.As for strengthening the pipeline, it is still a work in progress. There
AstraZeneca PLC	call over to David Brennan, AstraZeneca's Chief Executive. David.&nbsp;DAVID BRENNAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan, and good morning, everyone. We really appreciate you joining us for this call this morning. It's a very important day in the strategic evolution of AstraZeneca. And this morning, we will discuss our announcement of the agreement to acquire MedImmune. And as Jonathan said, I'm pleased that David Mott, the CEO of MedImmune, is on the call with us and will be available to answer questions after we finish our remarks.We also, as you will have seen, released our first quarter results and
AstraZeneca PLC	call over to David Brennan, AstraZeneca's Chief Executive. David.&nbsp;DAVID BRENNAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan, and good morning, everyone. We really appreciate you joining us for this call this morning. It's a very important day in the strategic evolution of AstraZeneca. And this morning, we will discuss our announcement of the agreement to acquire MedImmune. And as Jonathan said, I'm pleased that David Mott, the CEO of MedImmune, is on the call with us and will be available to answer questions after we finish our remarks.We also, as you will have seen, released our first quarter results and
AstraZeneca PLC	and we will try to alternative back and forth, and cover as much ground as we can.As you will have seen in the press release the quarter's results have had an added layer of complexity as we begin to reflect the impact of the acquisition of MedImmune. As we step up our changes and the pace of our productivity initiatives and the restructuring charge that comes with them, we are going to do everything we can to help you understand that, to make it as transparent as possible.And by now, as I said you've seen the second quarter results, and
AstraZeneca PLC	progress on our key strategic priorities. Our business is on track to meet our full year earnings target, despite some challenging market conditions. The entire organization is getting on with executing our comprehensive plans to drive productivity and efficiency. And we are seeing results from those initiatives.We are continuing to take steps to strengthen the pipeline that is our highest priority. We had two additional compounds progressing to Phase III development in the quarter. That was PN400 and the Crestor Abbott fenofibrate fixed dose combination. That brings the total number of late stage projects to 10.And the breadth and depth
AstraZeneca PLC	15% increase in the second interim dividend, bringing the total for the year to $0.795, an increase of 15.6%.During 2003 we also returned $1.2b to shareholders by way of share repurchases. Completing the $4b program we began in 1999.You will also have seen in today(TM)s announcement that the Board has authorized a further $4b repurchase program to be completed by the end of 2005.The most striking feature of the 2003 results is the underlying strength of our sales growth across all therapeutic areas, save, of course, for those products, which lost exclusivity, notably Prilosec , Zestril and Nolvadex.The GI sales
AstraZeneca PLC	my opening remarks, touching on a few product financial and product highlights from this morning's release. Devoting the balance of your time to questions.First the headline numbers. Sales were just over $5b in the quarter, a record for AstraZeneca. That was an increase of 7% on a reported basis. Currency benefited reported sales by 8%. So, on a CER basis sales were down 1% versus the first quarter of 2003.You will of course recall that the first quarter last year was affected by significant wholesaler stocking, where we estimated that by the end of the quarter trade inventories were some
AstraZeneca PLC	second quarter, ahead of most expectations, have set us on track to deliver our targets for the full-year.I'll summarise the half-year headline figures, and comment on some aspects of the increasingly challenging environment the industry is facing. Then hand over to Jon to take you through the second quarter results in more detail.Sales for the first half were nearly $10.4b, up 15% in reported terms and 5% in constant currency. Operating profit was up 1% reported, but down 5% at CER, as a result of the phasing of the investments in R&D and SG&A.Bear in mind, however, that the year-on-year
Boeing Company	his comments on the highlights and drivers of financial performance, rather than a detailed review of the financial statements made available this morning. We ask that you limit yourself to one single-part question.&nbsp;Before we start I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks and uncertainties. These assumptions, the assumptions behind our projections and the factors that could cause actual results to vary are detailed in the news release we issued earlier this morning; and in our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and
Boeing Company	earlier today. To allow more time for your questions, James will focus his comments on the highlights and drivers of financial performance rather than a detailed review of the financial statements made available this morning.Before we start I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions in this morning are likely to involve risks and uncertainties. The assumptions behind our projections and the factors that could cause actual results to vary are detailed in the news release we issued earlier this morning, and in our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Boeing Company	projections and the factors that could cause actual results to vary are detailed in the news release we issued earlier this morning and in our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. I urge you to read them thoroughly.At this point, I will turn the meeting over to Harry Stonecipher.HARRY STONECIPHER, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. Today we will be discussing our second-quarter results and I will be begin by sharing my perspective on the quarter, James will summarize the financial results and
Boeing Company	is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings call. I'm Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President
Boeing Company	plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet.&nbsp;At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's first quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we'll take your
Boeing Company	Lahr, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Lahr, please go ahead.TROY LAHR, VP, IR, BOEING CO: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's second quarter 2013 earnings call. I'm Troy Lahr and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always we've provided a detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today.
Boeing Company	SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this Web presentation. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, PRESIDENT AND MEMBER OF SPECIAL PROGRAMS COMMITTEE, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave and good morning. Let me begin with a few comments about our 2005 performance and then James will walk you through the numbers. After that I'll, say a few words about the road ahead and take your questions. Slide two, please. Boeing made great progress in '05, which has given us a solid foundation for even better performance in 2006 and
Boeing Company	in our news release, in our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. Now, I'll turn the meeting over to James Bell.JAMES BELL, EVP & CFO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave, and good morning. As Dave said, I will briefly review our first quarter results and discuss our outlook. Then we'll take your questions. Now, beginning this year, we have moved to a split of duties between our CEO, Jim McNerney, and myself on our earnings call. Jill will participate in the calls at mid-year and at year-end, and other calls
Boeing Company	those risks are detailed in the news release we issued this morning and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation.Now, I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Let me begin with a few comments about our second quarter performance and then James will walk you through the numbers. After that, I'll say a few words about the road ahead and then we'll both take your questions. Boeing has made good progress across most areas of our business
Boeing Company	our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation.Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, BOEING COMPANY: Thank you very much, David. And good morning, everybody. Let's get started by turning to our third quarter summary on slide two. Boeing delivered strong results in the third quarter with revenues and core earnings per share growing at double-digit rates. The productivity improvements we are making and the significant increase in commercial airplane deliveries generated our strong performance. And this strong performance is allowing us to offset most of
Boeing Company	factors that could cause actual results to vary, are detailed in the news release we issued this morning and in our various SEC filings, as well as the forward-looking statement at the end of this Web presentation. Now, I'll turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave. And good morning, everyone. As I complete my first month at Boeing I can tell you that I'm pleased to be here and very enthusiastic about our current position and the road ahead. I plan to share some of my early observations with you in just
Boeing Company	Analyst * Hal Weitzman Financial Times - Analyst * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Analyst * Paul Merrion Crain's Chicago Business - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, THE BOEING
Boeing Company	The assumptions behind our projections and the factors that could cause actual results to vary are detailed in the news release we issued earlier this morning and in our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. I urge you to read them thoroughly. At this point, I will turn the meeting over to Harry Stonecipher.HARRY C. STONECIPHER, PRESIDENT, CEO, DIRECTOR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave, and good morning to everyone. Today we will be discussing our third quarter results, and I will begin by sharing my
Boeing Company	involve risks, the assumptions behind our projections, and the factors that could cause actual results to vary, are detailed in the news release we issued this morning in our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation.Now with that, I will turn the meeting over to Harry Stonecipher.HARRY STONECIPHER, PRESIDENT & CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave, and good morning. Today we will be discussing our fourth quarter and full-year 2004 results. I will begin by sharing my thoughts, and then James will summarize the financial results and provide you with our
Boeing Company	release we issued this morning, in our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation.Now I would like to turn the meeting over to James Bell.JAMES BELL, CEO, CFO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. Today we will be discussing our first-quarter 2005 results.I will begin with a brief review of our businesses, and then continue with some comments on our first-quarter financial performance, and our outlook. After outlining our priorities going forward, I will be happy to take your questions.Let's get started on Slide 2. Boeing got off to a
Boeing Company	- Media * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Media * Glenn Farley KING Television - Media * Josh Freed The Associated Press - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, IR,
Boeing Company	Flight Global - Analyst * Ted Reed TheStreet - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call.&nbsp;Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, the Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, VP IR, THE BOEING CO.: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's second-quarter
Boeing Company	Company. Ms. Pope, please go ahead.STEPHANIE POPE, VP, IR, BOEING CO: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's First Quarter 2012 earnings call. I am Stephanie Pope and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. As a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast
Boeing Company	I'm turning the call over to Ms. Stephanie Pope, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Pope, please go ahead.STEPHANIE POPE, VP IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's second-quarter 2012 earnings call. I am Stephanie Pope. And with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer.After comments by Jim and Greg we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial
Boeing Company	release we issued this morning and our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this Web presentation. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.&nbsp;JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave. And good morning. As I complete my first full quarter at Boeing, I can tell you that I'm pleased with the operating strength I see in our business, and the promise I see in our future.Let me begin with a few comments about our quarterly performance and let James -- and then James will walk you through some of
Boeing Company	- Media * Aubrey Cohen seattlepi.com - MediaPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The Management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question and answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the internet.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning over the call to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President For Investor Relations for Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning.Welcome to Boeing's fourth quarter and full year
Boeing Company	plus the analyst and media question and answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet.&nbsp;At this time for opening remarks and introductions I am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis for The Boeing Company. Please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's first quarter earnings call. I am Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim
Boeing Company	standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst's and media question and answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet.&nbsp;At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's second quarter earnings call. I'm Scott Fitterer and with me today are
Boeing Company	the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's fourth-quarter and full-year 2010 earnings conference call.I am Scott Fitterer and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we will take
Boeing Company	Ms. Pope, please go ahead.STEPHANIE POPE, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's fourth quarter 2012 earnings call. I am Stephanie Pope and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg, we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's
Boeing Company	for the Boeing Company. Mr. Lahr, please go ahead.TROY LAHR, VP OF IR, BOEING CO: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's first-quarter 2013 earnings call. I am Troy Lahr, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President an Chief Executive Officer and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg, we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always, we provided a detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you
Boeing Company	Analyst * Andrea Rothman Bloomberg News - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to The Boeing Company's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the internet.&nbsp;At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third quarter earnings call. I'm Diana
Boeing Company	call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analysts' and media question and answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's second quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President
Boeing Company	call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analysts and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company.DIANA SANDS, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James
Boeing Company	for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third-quarter earnings call.I'm Scott Fitterer and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer.After comments by Jim and James, we'll take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question.As always, we have provided
Boeing Company	Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third quarter 2012 earnings call. I'm Stephanie Pope, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today, and as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentations through our website at Boeing.com. Before we begin,
Boeing Company	morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release and in our various SEC filings and the forward-looking statement at the end of the Web presentation.Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave, and good morning everyone. Let me begin with a few comments about our 2007 performance ,and then James will walk you through the details of our results. After that I'll say a few words about the road ahead and then we'd be glad to take your questions.2007 was a very
Boeing Company	are detailed in our news release, and our various SEC filings, and in a forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Diana, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with some comments about our first quarter, then James will walk you through the results specifically. After that I will say a few words about what's ahead, and then take your questions.Starting with slide 2, please. Our first quarter financial performance has us off to a very good start for the
Boeing Company	the Internet.&nbsp;At this time for opening remarks and introductions I will turn the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's first quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands. With me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourselves to one
Boeing Company	am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.&nbsp;DIANA SANDS, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Good morning and welcome to Boeing's second quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. In the interest of time and in fairness to others on the call, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. As always,
Boeing Company	discussions this morning are likely to involve risks, which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Diana, and good morning. Let me begin with some comments about our second quarter, and then James will walk you through our results. After that I will say a few words about what's ahead, and then we'd be glad to take your questions.Starting with slide two, our second
Boeing Company	IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third-quarter 2013 earnings call. I am Troy Lahr and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always we've provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today and you can follow this broadcast and slide presentation through our website at www.boeing.com.Before we begin, I
Boeing Company	our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release, in our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation.Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone.Let me begin with a few comments about our 2006 performance, and then James will walk you through the numbers. After that I will say a few words about the road ahead, and then we'll take your questions.We made great progress in 2006 which has given
Boeing Company	and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release, in our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this Web presentation. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave. And good morning, everybody. Let me begin with some comments about our first quarter and then James will walk you through our results more specifically. After that, I will say a few words about what is ahead for us, and then
Boeing Company	likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release in our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statements at the end of this web presentation. Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with some comments about the second quarter and then James will walk you through our results more specifically. After that, I will say a few words about what's ahead for us and then take your questions. We continued to make solid progress across all of our
Boeing Company	are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release, in our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statements at the end of this web presentation. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everybody. I'll begin with some comments about our third quarter performance and our outlook. I will also share some thoughts about what we're doing to keep the 87 program on schedule, on the schedule that we outlined earlier this month. Then I'll turn it over to James, who will walk you
BHP Billiton PLC	over to Alex, and Alex will take us through the more detailed aspects of our financial performance. Then I'll give you some perspectives on the macro environment and how this is impacting, firstly, the industry and, also, how it's impacting on us. And then Alex and I will be very happy to take some questions.If we go to our highlights, let me, as usual, begin with safety. Over the period in question, we've maintained a good safety performance as measured by what we call our lagging indicators; most notably, our total recordable injury frequency rate. However, we've still had four
BHP Billiton PLC	to start off today by giving you a brief overview of our results before handing over to Alex, and Alex will take us through the more detailed aspects of our financial performance. Then I'll give you some perspectives on the macro-environment and how this is impacting firstly the industry, and also how it's impacting on us. And then Alex and I will be very happy to take some questions.If we go to our highlights, let me as usual begin with safety. Over the period in question, we've maintained a good safety performance as measured by what we call our lagging
BHP Billiton PLC	strong financial results, including improved performance in the second half of the year, and our well developed plan continued to deliver differentiated returns in our sector. We have reported record production for a number of our commodities, as well as substantial controllable and sustainable annualized cost savings of $2.7 billion, with more to come.Our plan will secure a significant growth in free cash flow by extracting more value from existing operations, by investing through the cycle with greater capital efficiency, and by further simplifying the portfolio.Capital and exploration expenditure will decline to $16.2 billion this year. And we'll direct capital
BHP Billiton PLC	into the BHP Billiton health safety environment and community system is also an item that has taken an impact on the safety statistics.&nbsp;And then, thirdly, our exploration activities are moving into new and challenging environments as we look for significant resource accumulations in new parts of the world, and in some of those parts of the world, the safety issues are not quite to the headline that we see in the areas that we're used to working more particularly into those that have been indoctrinated into our system.Well, obviously, and emphasis in this area, education and communication continues and continues
BHP Billiton PLC	are three things around this. First of all the contractors. We're seeing more contractors in our business as a result of our project activity. But we're also seeing in operations contractors are in significant demand and that the people turnover issues, we need to indoctrinate people into our BHP Billiton systems.Second area was the WMC integration, bringing the WMC family into the BHP Billiton HSEC systems is certainly underway.And the third area is exploration. We're now exploring in new areas of the world where safety is probably not the foremost issue on many of the people's minds. In those local
BHP Billiton PLC	telephone, let me begin with Safety. We had mixed results in the Safety area this year when we look at our lagging indicators, and there are two critical indicators we look at. One is our total recordable injury frequency rate and the other is our classified injury frequency rate. The total rate was flat year-on-year, and the classified rate was actually up. And Obviously we look for declines in those numbers. But what we found is the integration of WMC assets into the BHP Billiton family did cause a deterioration of those numbers in the first half of the year.
BHP Billiton PLC	in front of you, at least in this room. People, as you know, are absolutely critical to our strategy and to our long-term success, and therefore it's appropriate to talk a little bit about safety. A year ago I began by saying that we had done a study of safety and our safety systems, and did that with some outside help. And they had determined that our safety systems were very good, okay, in some cases some of the best in class.But that our operating discipline - and this is the way that we actually adhere to those systems -
BHP Billiton PLC	you to the disclaimer and remind you of its importance and relation to today's presentation.I will start by giving you a brief overview of results. I will then hand over to Alex to take you through the details of our financial performance, after which I will talk to you about our view of the macroeconomic environment. And then, before concluding, I will talk about our proposed offer to acquire PotashCorp.During the 2010 financial year, we observed yet more volatility in the external trading environment. Economic recovery continued for the first half of our financial year as markets became more comfortable
BHP Billiton PLC	an important strategic driver for the Company.I'm happy to report that we have seen improvement in that area. Our classified injury frequency rate is coming in at a 12 month rolling average of 4.3. That's the best in the Company's history. It's something that I have to say we're never finished with. Safety requires constant vigilance and that is going to continue to be a priority for this management team and this organization. But I'm happy to report that we are making solid progress in this area.Now moving on to the financial side of our business. We've produced a number
BHP Billiton PLC	we were going to put significant time and effort, from a management point of view and a Company point of view, in improving that and getting ourselves back on that road to zero harm.I'm pleased to say that our Classified Injury Frequency Rate for the rolling 12 month period was 4.3, which is the lowest we've had in the Company's history. Safety is never something you can take for granted, it's always going to be an activity that we need to spend time on and that will continue. But certainly, we seem to be heading in the right direction with
BHP Billiton PLC	I will be your operator for today's call. For the duration of the call you will be on listen-only. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;I am now handing over to the host of today's briefing, BHP Billiton's Chief Executive.MARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to today's presentation of BHP Billiton's preliminary results for our 2011 financial year.I'm speaking to you here today from London; and Alex Vanselow, our CFO will be presenting from Sydney. I'm also pleased to note that we are joined by members of the BHP Billiton Management Team for this important presentation. We have Andrew Mackenzie here
BHP Billiton PLC	little bit about our views on the macroeconomic environment. And I also want to share a few words with you about our strategy and plans.During the December 2009 half year, we did see a strong recovery in demand and prices for most of our commodities compared to the first half of calendar year 2009. The rally in prices and demand was driven by strong recoveries in China and India and, lately, by start of restocking in the developed economies. However, we do want to note that this run-up in demand depends on government stimulus and low interest rates in both
BHP Billiton PLC	of what has been a very strong six months with BHP Billiton. I will then hand over to Alex, who will take you through the detailed financials, and then I will talk to you after Alex has spoken about how BHP Billiton is positioned to continue to deliver that value to shareholders.Today we announced record results for the half year. Our underlying EBITDA was up 60% to $17.3 billion, and underlying EBIT was up 74% to $14.8 billion. Attributable profit was $10.7 billion before exceptional items, and that is up 88%. Our operating cash flow was up by 123%, to
BHP Billiton PLC	the industry.Before we begin, I would like to point you to the disclaimer and remind you of its importance in relation to today's results. With regard to the format, I will give a general overview of performance. Graham will then review our financial result. I will then conclude by discussing commodity outlook, as well as our unchanged strategy, which has been the cornerstone of our performance for more than a decade.As we present results today, I'm sure you will notice the congruence between our operating performance and the primary focus areas of the Group, as articulated. I'm proud to say
BHP Billiton PLC	we tried hard to get them down to two pages and didn't succeed. But they are important in relation to today's presentation, please read them carefully in the materials that you've received.Before handing over to Alex Vanselow to give you a full overview of the financial results, I'd like to start by giving you a brief overview of the results. I'll then cover, after Alex has spoken, our performance, BHP Billiton's perspectives on the macro-environment, supply/demand for our product. And then finally I'll talk about a few aspects of our business and how we're positioned. Then Alex and I will
BHP Billiton PLC	Then Alex and I will take some questions.So let me talk about the most difficult part of today's presentation, and simultaneously also the most important. It's safety. Over the past year, as we did last year, we had a 20% improvement in our total recordable injury frequency rate, which is the measure that we most commonly use to measure our performance. 20% improvement, last year we had roughly the same improvement. And over the past year we've taken down our rate to 5.9%, which is a very, very good achievement by industry standards.However, despite this positive result, despite our severity
BHP Billiton PLC	we begin today I'd like to point you to the disclaimer. I remind you, as always, that's its important in relation to the material that we are going to present today.I'd like to start off by giving a brief overview of results, then I'll hand over to Alex, and then I'll come back and give you a few more thoughts.2009 has probably been the most challenging year that I can recall. Within a 12 month period we went from exuberance in an environment where the industry could not satisfy rampant commodity demand to one in which demand simply evaporated, and
BHP Billiton PLC	here in Sydney, is here with us today.Before we begin today, I'd like to point the disclaimer out to you and as always, remind you of its importance in relation to today's presentation.With regards to today's format, I will start off by giving a general overview of our operating performance. Graham will take a little bit more of an in detail look at our financial performance, and then I will conclude by discussing the unique attributes of our strategy that positions us for superior margins and strong investment returns. That is, in the first place, the strong and predictable nature
BHP Billiton PLC	note about safety. There is no more important issue for us. We've had 10 fatalities during this financial year and this has deeply concerned me, the Board and the rest of our Management team. Although our injuries, our statistical rates on injuries and other events continue to show very good progress from already the industry leading levels, the fact is that low injury rates will not prevent fatalities. And the reality is that we've lost 10 of our colleagues. Their families and friends have lost so much more. We clearly need to continue to focus on safety and we will
BHP Billiton PLC	There's no single answer, but I do believe that zero harm, which is our stated objective, is the only way to go about this.In the six months that have passed we have continued to focus on our core business and our core strategy despite some of the matters, which I'm sure you're interested in and which we've been contemplating during the last six months. And these core areas for us are, in addition to safety which I have already stated is the absolute overriding and number one commitment, is operating reliably and efficiently, getting our assets to perform at 100%
BHP Billiton PLC	goal of zero harm is one that is of utmost importance.&nbsp;Now over the six months that have passed we continued to focus on our core areas of business, despite some of the other activities which I will talk about later. In addition to safety these core areas are operating reliably and efficiently with a focus on cost control and reinvesting in our business for the long term. The set of results that we are about to see demonstrates our core focus.We achieved production records across the breadth of our business and earnings records and key commodities. Our cost performance has
BHP Billiton PLC	address business performance without talking about safety performance. This is something that has deeply concerned me with the fatalities that we've had over the recent months. Although our statistical measures, injury rates show continued progress, we cannot move forward if we don't have fatalities and the reality is that ten of our colleagues have lost their lives. We have lost a lot, but their friends and family have lost so much more. We can't claim to be successful until we achieve our goal of zero harm and we will redouble our efforts, and though I don't think that there is
BHP Billiton PLC	in a way that is focused on achieving great outcomes for both customers and shareholders. Strong cash flow continues to underpin our expansion. This half we have brought on seven major projects across five commodities. We also approved four new projects worth $1.5 billion.For shareholders our strong cash generation meant that we completed $8.8 billion of a $13 billion buyback program and we declared an interim dividend of US$0.29 per share. This is a 45% increase over last year's interim dividend. In terms of economic overview, while we recognize that there is fluidity and uncertainty in the short-term macroenvironment, we
BHP Billiton PLC	new projects worth $1.5 billion.&nbsp;For shareholders our strong cash generation meant that we completed $8.8 billion of a $13 billion buyback program and we declared an interim dividend of US$0.29 per share. This is a 45% increase over last year's interim dividend. In terms of economic overview, while we recognize that there is fluidity and uncertainty in the short-term macroenvironment, we remain convinced that the long-term growth fundamentals underpinned by the [merging] economies are still strong.As you know, we have been very confident about industrialization taking place in China and India and the impact that this is having on our
BHP Billiton PLC	to note that low injury rates don't necessarily mean low fatalities. Unfortunately, in the last-- since year to date, actually, until today-- we've had five control fatalities at BHP Billiton. This is an increase from the total number last year, which was three. Once again, the issue is not around our systems; it's around the leadership and around the operating discipline to make those systems work. And this organization is committed to an aspiration of zero harm. That goes from the board to the senior management, all the way through the organization. That focus on that aspiration and delivering that
BHP Billiton PLC	period ended December 2006. People are a critical part of our strategy. They represent the foundation of BHP Billiton, and so spending just a second on safety is important at the beginning of a presentation like this.Underlying injury frequency rates continue to decline in the first half of the financial year. However, low injury frequency rates don't necessarily mean low fatalities or they don't prevent fatalities, and unfortunately we have had five fatalities year-to-date at BHP Billiton. Last year we had three for the entire year, which is an unacceptable number in and of itself.Now the issue, once again, is
BHP Billiton PLC	all but one of our business units and we had some outstanding performances in petroleum, aluminum, stainless steel materials and diamonds and specialty products.But unfortunately we had eight fatalities in our business in 2007. Now obviously that's not only measured in terms of the devastating human impact of that, but it also is an indication that poor performance in safety is also represented in poor performance in our operations. We've often found where there were safety issues in a business, those businesses also had the most difficulty in meeting their operating objectives.In 2008 you'll see this Company focus more intently
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	And then, when we've finished, the people who are actually here are invited to have a coffee with us.So, without further ado, I give the floor to the Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Goirigolzarri.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT AND COO, BBVA, S.A.: Good morning, everyone. First of all, many thanks for being here, whether you're here or whether you're listening to us over the webcast. I'd like to thank you for being here.And this third quarter of 2008 is a quarter that we'll remember for many years hence as the most complex quarter lived in the financial sector. I'm sure you know
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	GamezMerrill Lynch - Analyst* Javier BernatCaja Madrid - Analyst* Carlos PeixotoBPI - AnalystPresentationMANUEL GONZALEZ CID, CFO, BBVA SA: Good morning, everyone. Many thanks for being with us today. As you know, we are going to be presenting the results for the year 2008 and the fourth quarter of 2008. And, as always, Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri, our President and COO, will be making the presentation first of all, after which we will open the floor to Q&A, first of all here from the floor, then we will go through the conference call and the webcast. And Carmen will give us the
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	we would be delighted to have a cup of coffee with you after the presentation.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT AND COO, GRUPO BBVA: (Interpreted). A very good morning to everyone and many thanks for your attention and many thanks for your presence as well, those of you who are actually here in the room.Yet again this quarter, we are giving you an analysis of our P&L and, as we usually do, we are going to divide the presentation up into three main parts. First of all, we'll talk about the main features of the Group's results and I'd like to direct
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	In the developed economies we are seeing that there's still a complex environment with, above all, the difficult situation in Europe.The objective is very clear, to achieve some kind of economic, monetary, and banking union. So we have seen some advance being made towards those objectives with the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive.Looking at the emerging markets we see that they're very buoyant, albeit there has been slightly lower growth rate in some of the emerging economies, but they're still going to be sustaining world GDP growth for the next few years as we see it. So it's still very
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	are comparing ourselves against past performance which was pretty good already, but if we compare ourselves against 2005, when we had good performance, in fact we thought it was the best at the time on record, we've got even more record results this quarter.And then we've got some other news that's come through this quarter. One has to do with growth and one with transformation. With respect to growth, as you very well know, we announced the expansion in the United States with the purchase of two banks in a conference call that Manuel Gonzalez had with all the analysts
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	most recurrent business on our income statement, and that's a point of great satisfaction for us because it's based on very standardized success across all the different business areas. Later on, I'll be talking about this in more detail, but we definitely see an improvement in the fundamentals in terms of the sound base they give us, and the kind of yields they're offering.Here you can see the profit figures; it's the attributable profit. And all in all, as you can see in the overhead, we've got an attributable profit of EUR4.45 billion. It's grown 63.4%. As you know there
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	of 2005, and we will follow the contents you can see on the screen. As we always do, I would like to start by talking about the most relevant aspects of the second quarter at Group level.&nbsp;And then, I will give you a more in depth analysis of all the different business areas.Thirdly, I would like to share some news with you about what's been happening with the BNL transaction, what the state of the art is at the moment. And then I will end with some conclusions.So the main highlights of the first half are that it has been
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	all we are seeing are more news about the financial sector, which always looked like complicated news.And it is rather the same here because we started this quarter talking about the main issues that we were going to be seeing in it and it's the same issues that we saw in the previous quarter. And a couple of other issues as well.We were talking about uncertainty in the second quarter and here in the third quarter there is only one thing which has really changed; the liquidity situation for some of our competitors has improved. There is greater discrimination, we
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	Manuel said we will be presenting the results for the first quarter. And for the first time, we are doing it under the new IAS. Anyway the presentation will follow the now traditional format, starting off talking about the most relevant aspects of the first quarter for the group. And then secondly we would give a breakdown for all the different business areas, which we have divided the group up in to and then we will end up with the conclusions.So amongst the most relevant things that happened at group level, we thought we should have an overall view and
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	last year. We are still seeing uneven growth in different geographical areas. The emerging markets are definitely becoming the driving force of world growth in GDP. And 2011 has seen growth of over 7% in these emerging economies where we're operating, and for 2011 we're expecting 6% growth by the end of the year there.If we then look at the developed economies, there we're seeing slow recovery, again rather uneven, depending on where we're talking about. But we can confirm that progress is being made in terms of governance in Europe, and then also in terms of the launch of
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	the second quarter of 2011.&nbsp;I'd like to start just jogging your memory, talking about the kind of environment we're operating in. What's most important is that we're managing two-thirds of the Group's business in a non-crisis environment, and that's very important for our Group.The second thing is that the other third is in a complicated environment. Greece is probably the focus of attention at the moment. But, behind that, we have the entire situation throughout Europe with a lack of integration, a lack of coordination that we're seeing throughout Europe. All of this means that we're seeing a weakening in
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	second bailout plan and the restructuring of the debt, there are still problems. And contagion must be avoided to protect more solvent countries.The second issue is governance in Europe. Here we have to speed up the movement towards monetary and fiscal union in Europe in order to recover confidence and to stabilize the different economies and avoid future crises.Then finally, in this very complex recessive environment in Europe, it's vital to roll out adjustment plans in order to correct some of the imbalances and also to boost competitiveness and get back on the road to growth.With this uneven scenario we
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	operate. We've got Asia and Latin America with very sound economic growth being consolidated. Then we've got the USA where the economic recovery is still accompanied by rather sluggish growth. And then of course the focus of everyone's attention is on Europe.We could say that Europe and the peripheral countries, especially Spain, are going through perhaps one of the most complicated times we've had since the beginning of the crisis. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that it's a contradictory situation. Why do I say that? Well, because we are witnessing an increase in the distrust in
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	cup of coffee with us in the next door room once we've finished the presentation and the Q&A. So, without further ado, let's give the floor to Angel Cano.ANGEL CANO FERNANDEZ, COO AND PRESIDENT, BBVA S.A.: (Interpreted). Good morning and welcome to these BBVA results for 2009. As we expected it's been a very complicated year in macroeconomic terms. After starting with a lot of uncertainty and after all the measures taken by the main governments worldwide, the financial markets did stabilize at the beginning of the year. But then in the second half we had to solve all the
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	Chief Operating Officer, will be doing it and Manuel Gonzalez Cid, our CFO, and then we will take questions. And again the sequence will be what we usually do. First of all, taking the questions from the room here, afterwards we take the questions that come in over the conference call, and then at the end, we will go through the questions that come over the webcast.For those of you that are here in Madrid, we've got a coffee for you afterwards. So without further ado I will give the floor to Angel.ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT & COO, BBVA: (Interpreted) Good
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	decided we're doing everything over webcast now, so all the questions have to be over the webcast as well. We won't have people asking questions here or over the conference call. So all the questions that can't be answered because of time limitations, because afterwards we're going to be talking to the media, so we have to keep things short, but Investor Relations will deal with any questions left that are left in the air at the end of the session.The second thing is that this is the first presentation of results that's going to be given by Tomas Blasco,
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	year, but the fourth year since the crisis began. Once again, we have been working in an environment of very high stress. It's been very complex but of course, it was different depending on whether we are talking about the developed economies or the emerging economies.I'm not going to go back into all of the different factors that have already had a big impact on the crisis or even on 2010 in the developed world, but it is very clear that we can draw a certain conclusion from it and many people are, which is that growth is going to
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	was over 630 basis points.&nbsp;And at the end of the year, we saw that there was a lot of uncertainty regarding the fiscal stability of the United States, as they faced their fiscal cliff. And here in Spain, we had to make a lot of changes to the tax regime which had an impact of over 4 percentage points on the fiscal deficit. And a lot of work was done to restructure the entire financial system.Meanwhile, in the emerging economies, especially those where we are operating, have seen very sound growth in economic terms. And they've been growing at a
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	that it was going to be a year of transition and we'd see a big change between the performance in the developing and the developed economies. And talking about Spain, we said that in Spain we were still, and we will see this when we talk about the first quarter, we're still going to be seeing a drop in lending volumes because of the de-leveraging that was going on here. And we'd see that in many different sectors.We also talked about non-performing assets and we talked about this slight rise that we will be seeing in NPAs for the Group
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	will be taken from the room, here, for those of you who are actually here. And then we'll take the questions over the conference call. And then, finally, we'll take the questions that come over the webcast, which Carmen will read out to us here. For those of you who've actually come here, as always, we've prepared coffee for you after the presentation if you wish to have coffee with us.So, I can now give the floor to the COO. Thank you.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT AND COO, BBVA S.A.: Well, a very good day to everyone, and many thanks for
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	And then Angel Cano will wrap up the presentation with some conclusions.And, as of then, we will open the floor to Q&A session like we always do, first of all, as I say, letting you ask your questions here in the room. And after that we'll take questions over the conference call. Then, finally, we will give a summary of the questions that come through our webcast.For those of you who have come here today to sit in the room to hear our results, you can come and have coffee with us in the next door room afterwards. And I
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	of Europe.You -- we can see it clearly when we look at the figures for the performance of the markets, which aren't in the bank stocks' market, and we can see the difference here in the performance of the Eurostoxx 50 and the Eurostoxx 50 Banks.And all of this has meant that this quarter we've had a complicated time on the markets, and also with respect to the environment. Maybe this is where, once again, we've managed to show that our strength is even greater than that of our peers in the three mainstays of business at these kinds of
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	it didn't reach 4%, it will be more like 3.8%. Asia, without taking Japan into account, will be close to 7.5%. Turkey, 8.5%. And when we look at the most developed countries, both Europe and the United States will be growing slightly above 1.5%. Maybe the most relevant issue here is that the outlook for growth for 2012 are going to be worse than in 2011.Maybe one of the keys to understanding the year is that the focus of the entire international community has been on Europe and the crisis in Europe. But if we compare the situation now against
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	order to ring fence the situation here. A message has been put out that everything that's necessary will be done in order to show that the euro is irreversible. And this message, later on, was seconded by the main European leaders.The second thing that has happened has been the progress being made towards banking union, with the backing of the European Central Bank. And this union will be put in place during 2013.And then thirdly, the restructuring of the Spanish financial system, which is rolling out as established in the Memorandum of Understanding.Looking at the results of the recent tests
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	in which we're presenting results which, as you'll see, are very sound at Group level despite the circumstances in which we're operating. It's also a special point of satisfaction to be here because it's the 25th time I present results.But anyway, as always, we'll be following the usual order that we've established for these presentations so that it's easier for all of you to see the performance of the Group over time. This quarter there is a slight change, however. Normally, we were reporting Mexico and the United States as one single area, but now we're going to be reporting
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	quarter. Perhaps the United States has taken up a lot of the news during this time.It was the main headline quite often. But, finally, the impact we've actually seen has been quite limited from the shutdown.And then the outflow of funds coming from the possible tapering and the easing off of the quantitative easing have pretty well flattened out. The international markets have shown very positive performance throughout the quarter.Meanwhile in Europe, more progress has been made along the right path, moving towards the definition and implementation of the single banking supervisor and the resolution mechanism. And then, finally, here
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	growth, which has a big impact on our net interest income.&nbsp;Our efficiency is improving because of the outcome of our transformation plans, which we started to roll out at the end of last year. We are also going to be recording a record quarter for operating profit, although it's a first quarter. And then you'll see that we've got very consistent performance in all the business areas.And, finally, I want to just say that these results give us high attributable profit without one-offs, despite the high volatility of exchange rates, which would had an impact of about 8% during the
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	the Group. As usual, the indices we're going to be giving will, first of all, look at the results of the Group, and then we'll have a more exhaustive analysis of all the different business areas into which our organization is structured.So let's start with the overall Group earnings. As you'll see later, we are presenting a record quarter. It's record in terms of all the different lines on the income statement, including attributable profit. They show the highest volumes that we've ever recorded in any one quarter in this Group.So let's start by looking at what's been happening to
Barclays Bank PLC	these opportunities will be the test of John Varley and his senior leadership team, which in my view compares very well with any in our industry in the UK or globally.&nbsp;Now nothing gives me more pride nor more optimism than the competence and commitments of these outstanding executives. And the five years ahead should outshine the last five by far.We are today bigger, stronger, better regarded. We are in good shape, fit for purpose, and well-positioned to accelerate growth.By the late 1990s, the story of Barclays had reached a critical juncture, and it faced a myriad of problems, both internally
Barclays Bank PLC	ago. And in that letter we talked, amongst other things, about the fact that we were changing the date of this presentation. So I'm very grateful to all of you for managing to accommodate the change in the schedule.Now this morning we're going to have three presentations. Two, as usual, are going to be by Chris Lucas and by John Varley; but the third is -- the third presenter -- third presentation is new, and it's going to be by Robert Le Blanc, who is well known to some but not all of you. Robert is our Group Risk Director
Barclays Bank PLC	bank, and our plans to get there, the Transform program. We have been executing this plan at pace, and just five months on are making good progress. I will say more on that shortly.At the same time, we set out a number of financial commitments, including in relation to capital. These commitments were primarily predicated on delivering against a risk-weighted ratio target. But our plans also involved improving our leverage ratio, such that we would achieve a ratio of 3% ahead of the anticipated CRD IV deadline.On June 20, the PRA announced the results of its review on the capital
Barclays Bank PLC	the ability of our business to generate premium. Despite a challenging microeconomic environment, we think our larger businesses remain resilient. We continue to maintain our strength and our accustomed position. Components has continued to improve with (inaudible) appetite and the quality of our risk management. Costs remain well-controlled. Excluding transformed charges, we've reduced operating expenses, and our cost-income ratio is moving well in the direction of our 2015 target.[Important to know] financial strength remains the central focus, and we continue to make steady progress in adapting to the new regulatory environment. The plan we've announced this morning will further strengthen
Barclays Bank PLC	our competitors. We are not shy about that. It involves being prepared to invest to grow. It involves developing businesses aggressively in response to our view of sources of growth in the industry. It involves creating a good balance of businesses and a broad base of income and profit growth. But it also involves being disciplined about earnings, because we believe in the principal of earn, invest and grow.My first slide shows the growth trends of recent years in each of the income, cost and profit lines. The point it makes is that we have invested heavily through the cost
Barclays Bank PLC	execution of a good strategy. But we also know that our owners want us to invest for future growth.&nbsp;Our business model is different to our competitors. We are not shy about that; it involves being prepared to invest heavily in our businesses to grow income. It involves developing businesses aggressively in response to our view of sources of growth in the industry.It also involves being disciplined about generating earnings because we believe in the principle of earn, invest, and grow. You can see these things in our first-half performance as in the performance of recent years. This slide shows the
Barclays Bank PLC	at &pound;2.7b. Earnings per share and economic profit are up 4% and we had a return on equity of 23%, enabling us to declare a dividend per share of &pound;0.092, a 12% increase on last year.There's been strong income growth, which is up 14% at &pound;7.9b. 95% of this growth in income was organic. And 53% of our income was non-interest income. We're continuing to invest for the future, so cost growth is up at 14%, in line with income growth. Impairment charges are up by 20%. This is in line with the growth in loans and advances over the
Barclays Bank PLC	to you, Naguib.NAGUIB KHERAJ, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS BANK: Good morning. We had another strong year of growth in 2004 with profits before tax up 20 percent and very good momentum across all the business divisions. Most of this growth has been organic as opposed to by acquisition.These results continue a strong trend. Over the last five years, Barclays has delivered a compound annual growth rate in profit of 13 percent, which shows clearly that our strategy is working and we can see the momentum to sustain this trajectory into the future.As you know, there's a change in accounting standards
Barclays Bank PLC	journey. They show that we are making clear progress.Chris will take you through the numbers in detail, but before he does, I would like to discuss the results in the context of the four execution priorities I laid out in February; capital, returns, income growth and citizenship.Let me start with capital. We increased our core Tier 1 ratio from 10.8% to 11% during the first half. This is the result of our ability to generate and retain earnings, despite making a GBP1 billion provision for payment protection insurance. As you know, we've agreed to settle all PPI claims as quickly
Barclays Bank PLC	we are not going to add to that debate today, we do acknowledge the impact it has had on Barclays' reputation. The Board understands clearly the need to address the issues which have been raised, and to deal with the current management uncertainty.The Barclays management team, together with our 140,000 employees around the world, is already focused on moving forward. We are committed to serving our customers and our clients, and to contributing positively to the many communities in which we operate.We are well positioned to continue to deliver for the Bank during this interim period, while the Board completes
Barclays Bank PLC	that we publish today. It's simply to say that I'm going to be here throughout this session and will be happy, later, to answer any questions you may have on this subject.But as for the results, the plan is that there will be presentations from Chris Lucas, our Group Finance Director, from Robert Le Blanc, our Group Risk Director, and we'll conclude with a presentation by John Varley, our Group Chief Executive.And just to set the time context, we expect the presentations will come in at under the hour, but we will hope and plan to wrap up the whole
Barclays Bank PLC	from a risk perspective. And then thirdly, we've got John Varley, our Group Chief Executive, who's going to put the whole thing into a strategic context.That's going to come in, I hope, at just under an hour, and after that, of course, we'll have time for questions and answers. And in that respect, you'll see on the platform we've got Bob Diamond, the Barclay's President, who will add up to the number of people who will be there to answer questions.So I know you're all very busy. I know this has been a tough week for all of you, and
Barclays Bank PLC	much.BOB DIAMOND, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS PLC: Thank you, Marcus, and good morning, everyone.It's a real pleasure to be here as the Chief Executive at my first earnings session. And it makes me think that John is missing, and I have had a fantastic colleague for 15 years with John Varley, a great boss for the last seven years. I've learned a lot from John over the years, and I think it's so fitting about the man that the last thing he did as Chief Executive of Barclays was to deliver Project Merlin, which took incredible time, intensity, focus, and all
Barclays Bank PLC	results for 2012. As usual, we're using adjusted numbers to give a better understanding of our underlying performance.Turning now to the headlines; we've made good progress across most of our businesses during the year. Adjusted profits increased 26% to GBP7 billion. Total income was up 2% at GBP29 billion, despite gilt gains of GBP1.1 billion from the sale of hedging instruments in 2011.Impairment improved 5% to GBP3.6 billion, mainly as a result of favorable trends in our UK businesses. This resulted in net income growth of 3% to GBP25.4 billion.We've continued to reduce costs, which decreased 3% to GBP18.5 billion,
Barclays Bank PLC	and Rupert Fowden, co-head of Capital and balance sheet Management. As you know, we announce our 2012 financial results yesterday and Antony Jenkins set out our plans to become the Go-To bank. This included a criteria against which we expect to be judged and the specifics that you can hold us liable for. Full details can be found on our Investor Relations website.I'd like to start by briefly summarizing our 2012 results. On an adjusted basis, profits increased to GBP7 billion. Adjustments to statuary numbers include a 4.6 billion charge on credit, a provision for [PPI] of GBP1.6 billion, an
Barclays Bank PLC	Robert LawLehman Brothers - Analyst* Michael HelsbyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Manus CostelloMerrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationJOHN VARLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good morning and welcome. I think we're ready to start. I'm joined this morning by Group Chairman, Marcus Agius, who's in the front row and then on stage by my Exco colleagues, Bob Diamond the Group President; Frits Seegers, Chief Executive of Global Retail and Commercial Banking; and Chris Lucas, the Group Finance Director.We're going to do things just slightly differently this morning. We will start with a presentation by Chris on the numbers in the usual way.
Barclays Bank PLC	this morning is a theme of seeking to execute consistently in a difficult environment. So with that, can I ask you please to make sure that your Blackberries and mobile telephones are switched off? And I'm then going to hand over to Chris.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FD, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good morning and thank you John.We've delivered profits of GBP2.75 billion during the first half, after absorbing significant write downs in challenging market conditions. Income of GBP11.8 billion was at a similar level to the first half of 2007. We've controlled costs well, which has resulted in a 3% improvement leading
Barclays Bank PLC	will be joined by Bob Diamond, our Group President, and Frits Seegers, Chief Executive of GRCB.So with that format, let's get going. If I could just ask you before I come off the platform to just check that your mobile phones are switched off. Thank you very much. Chris.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FINANCIAL DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS PLC: Good afternoon and thank you, Marcus. We have delivered profits of GBP3 billion in the first half, and at the same time, we have strengthened our capital ratios, reduced our balance sheets and leveraged and improved our liquidity. We have achieved this as a result
Barclays Bank PLC	were well diversified, geographically, demonstrating the strength and diversification of the universal banking model.Importantly, our major businesses also improved their market share. While top line income was down 8%, in a difficult environment, income grew in five of our seven businesses, and impairment improved 33%.We controlled costs tightly, so that we now have the confidence to double our cost-reduction target for 2013 to GBP2 billion. We reduced performance-related pay by 25%, while profits were down just 2%.At the same time, our capital ratios have continued to strengthen. We have a deep pool of high-quality liquid assets, and we have good
Barclays Bank PLC	in the second half. UK Retail delivered pleasing profit growth. In Barclaycard, very good profit growth was driven by strong international growth and improved impairment in UK cards. And International Retail and Commercial Banking established real momentum in expanding the business.I'll give you the headline numbers before I go into more detail. Profits for the full year were over GBP7 billion, 3% up on an outstanding performance in 2006, excluding business disposals. Earnings per share were 68.9p, this is after net losses of GBP1.6 billion from subprime and related exposure. About half of this is reported in the income line,
Barclays Bank PLC	is, Chris will kick off and then I will give you some remarks following that. And then, in the usual way, we will be open for your questions. Our intention is to finish by 11 o'clock latest. You're very welcome, I hope you have a productive session with us, thank you.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Thank you, John, and good morning. We delivered over GBP7 billion of profit in 2007, showing the benefits of diversifying the business in recent years. Our Investment Banking and Investment Management businesses performed well, despite market turbulence in the second half. UK
Barclays Bank PLC	tax was up 35%. Earnings per share increased 32%. Our return on equity was 25% and economic profit was up 54%.Profits in 2006 included about GBP320m of gains from business disposals. Excluding these, earnings per share were up 23%, enabling us to increase the dividend by 17% to GBP0.31 a share.Absa made a very strong contribution to earnings in its first full year. Excluding Absa, income grew 18% and costs were up 13%.Our pre-tax profits were up GBP1.9b, just over GBP1b was delivered by organic growth in Investment Banking and Investment Management. Global Retail and Commercial Banking contributed profit growth
Barclays Bank PLC	organic development. The planned merger with ABN Amro is a different route to the same end, profit growth through earnings diversification. Either way, the investment story for shareholders is strong.When I look at the subject of implementing our strategy and at our performance in the first half of 2007, what I'd say is we've been keeping at it, and that we've been doing what we said we would. Three years ago at this presentation I talked about our priorities. In particular, I said that there were certain things that we wanted to see in our performance over the short and
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	of the release and the tables.&nbsp;So, let me begin with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements regarding the Company's expectations, regarding future financial results and the development of the Company's pipeline products. Such statements are based on management's current expectations, and are subject to the risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release in the periodic reports filed by Biogen Idec -- Biogen and Idec Pharmaceuticals -- that we filed with
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	results to differ materially.&nbsp;In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the periodic report Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. And now I'll turn the call over to Bill Rastletter, Executive Chairman.BILL RASTLETTER, EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN, BIOGEN IDEC: Good morning to everyone on the call this morning. In a minute Jim Mullen will introduce the agenda for the call. Five months into the merger I continue to be pleased with the
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)I will now turn the call over to Miss Elizabeth Woo, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Dennis. Welcome, everyone, to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2008. Before we begin I would encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, to print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the first quarter 2009. Before we begin, I'd encourage everyone to go to the investor relations section of our web site, BiogenIdec.com and print out the press release and related financial table. You'll find these are particular helpful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and reconciliation to non-GAAP measures discussed today. We have also posted the slides on our web site that outline the topics discussed on today's call.We'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results including
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	IDEC INC.: Thank you. Thank you, Tiffany welcome to Biogen Idec second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of www.BiogenIdec.com to find the Press Release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represent the ongoing economics of our Business and reflects how we manage the Business internally. We have also posted slides on our
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today I'm joined on the call by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec, Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for Development, and Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. I will now turn the call over to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our discipline and successful execution in 2005 led to very robust performance of the core business,
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	pipeline products; and plans for its general growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.This morning I am joined on the call by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	now turn the call over to Jim Mullen.&nbsp;JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Elisabeth. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. The core business demonstrated double-digit growth in the second quarter driven by strong AVONEX and RITUXAN performance. With TYSABRI recently approved in both U.S. and Europe this support therapeutic option is now available to the MS community. We expect TYSABRI will enhance our neurology business and begin to accelerate top-line growth over the coming quarters.Additionally we completed two acquisitions of private companies this quarter and continue to focus on business development opportunities. So
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	risks -- are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the risk factors section of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2006, and other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO, Bob Hamm, Senior Vice President,
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement.Today on the call I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for Development; Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President Finance; and Bill Rastetter, Executive Chairman. And now I will turn the call to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. For Q2 impressive results from Avonex
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.&nbsp;Ms. Kia Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Steve. Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investors section of BiogenIdec.com to find a press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussion related to today's call.As usual we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement.We will be discussing financial information today that includes non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the investor relations section of our website, Biogen Idec.com; and you can print out the press release and accompanying tables for the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today.Today on the call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, our CEO; Peter Kellogg, Chief Financial Officer; Bill Rohn, Chief Operating Officer; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President of Development; and Bill Rastetter, Executive Chairman. For the Q&A session we will have Bob
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	of the world's three most successful antibody companies. The other two are Genentech and Biogen Idec, also licensees of our technology.Seven major companies have now licensed rights to our TAP technology -- Centocor, Biogen Idec, Genentech, sanofi-aventis, Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Boehringer Ingelheim and Abgenix. These partnerships provide Wall Street with reasonable comfort that smart, independent parties are willing to spend millions of dollars to access our technology.Importantly, these partnerships increase our shots on goal because our technology gets used with antibodies that are proprietary to other companies and not otherwise available to us -- antibodies like Genentech's Herceptin and Millennium's anti-PSMA
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	should be given to the risks and uncertainties described in the earnings release, and in the periodic reports that Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;The company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We will be discussing financial information today that includes non-GAAP financial measures, as I mentioned earlier if you can go to the website to print those out, it will be easier to follow along.Today on the call, I'm joined by in order of our participation, Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen IDEC, Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance,
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.On today's call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for Development; Peter Kellogg, our CFO and Executive Vice President, Finance; and Bill Rastetter, Executive Chairman. I will now turn the call over to Jim.JIM MULLEN, PRESIDENT & CEO, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you Elizabeth. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Kia Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to today's call.As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.WENDY GABEL, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you. And welcome to Biogen Idec's first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Before we begin I would like encourage everyone to go to the investor section of www.biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two. Table three includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results which we believe better represent the ongoing economics of our business, and reflects how we manage
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	to Wendy Gabel, Vice President Investor Relations. Ms. Gabel, you may begin your conference.WENDY GABEL, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC: Thank you, Sarah, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Second-Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	pipeline products, and plans for external growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earning release and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for Development; Peter
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's fourth-quarter and full-year 2009 earnings conference call. Before we begin I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of BiogenIdec.com, to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we'll discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that will outline the topics discussed on today's call.As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results, our organization, operational and financial activities and goals, the market potential of TYSABRI
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and the risk factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC.We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I am joined right Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec, Dr. [Evan Beckman], Senior Vice President of Immunology R&D; Bob Hamm, Chief Operating Officer; and Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of the
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	investors' section of BiogenIdec.com to find a press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risk and
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.Ms. Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's fourth quarter and full-year 2010 earnings conference call. Before we begin I encourage everyone to go to the investors section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kia Khaleghpour. Ma'am, you may begin the conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Regina. Welcome to Biogen Idec's first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. I want to thank all the participants on the line for joining us at this early hour. While the timing isn't perfect, it is intended to accommodate the active agenda across the biotech sector. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	this morning providing earnings results for the quarter and full year 2012. The press release and related financial tables are available on our website under the investor section, as are the slides that follow today's call.I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may vary from our expectations. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail.On today's call I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	Please go ahead.CLAUDINE PROWSE, VP OF IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including our reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business, and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	everyone to the Biogen Idec third-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thanks, Brandi. Welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter earnings conference call 2008. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. These
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	potential of TYSABRI and other products, the availability of external growth opportunities and pipeline advancement. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A of the Company's reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call, I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec;
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. Mr. Hoffman, you may now begin your conference.&nbsp;ERIC HOFFMAN, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Celeste, and welcome to Biogen Idec's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Before I begin, I encourage everyone to go to investor relations website to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).I would now like to turn today's call over to Eric Hoffman. Please go ahead, sir.ERIC HOFFMAN, IR, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go the investor relations section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial matters that we will discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	go to the investor section at biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor Statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements and are subject to risk and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements.Actual results could differ materially from our expectations and you should carefully review the risk and uncertainties
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Before we begin I encourage everyone to go to the Investors Section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Tables 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.As usual we'll start with the
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	- IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC: Thank you, Melissa. Welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Before we begin, please visit the Investor section of BiogenIdec.com to find our press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financial results are summarized in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe provides additional insight into the ongoing economics, and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow discussions related
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	the call over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;ELIZABETH WOO, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thanks, Dennis. Thank you all this morning for joining us on today's Biogen Idec earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2007.Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. You will find these particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	financial results, including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and plans for external growth and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A of the Company's reports of the Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.In particular careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A of the Company's reports on the Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and in other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.In addition, because we have received a Board of Directors nomination and bylaw amendment proposal from one of our shareholders, we are obliged to inform you of this and to be sure
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	After the speakers' remarks there will be and question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ELIZABETH WOO, VP OF IR, BIOGEN IDEC: Thank you. Welcome to Biogen Idec's first-quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin I'd ask everyone to go to the investor relations section of our website, BiogenIdec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We've also posted the slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.I'll
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 Biogen Idec earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.&nbsp;Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.ELIZABETH WOO, VP IR, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the second-quarter 2008. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the investor relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1a of the Company's reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call, I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bill Sibold, Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President Neurology
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	ma'am.CLAUDINE PROWSE, PRESIDENT OF IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our financial guidance for 2007 and future growth rates, the launch and potential of TYSABRI in MS and RITUXAN in RA, pricing and reimbursement for TYSABRI, and plans for external growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in the earnings release and in the risk factors section of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our financial guidance for 2007 and future growth rate, the launch and potential of TYSABRI in MS, RITUXAN in RA, reimbursement for TYSABRI and plans for external growth and pipeline growth.Such statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of the Company's quarterly reports and annual reports Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, last, most recently, the fiscal quarter
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	the launch and potential of TYSABRI in MS and RITUXAN in RA; reimbursement for TYSABRI and plans for its general growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the item 1(a) Risk Factors section of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, and other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	sales potential of TYSABRI and RITUXAN, and plans for external growth and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A of the Company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec;
BlackRock	course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.And with that I'll turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. I will be discussing primarily as-adjusted results.
BlackRock	of forward-looking statements. And we call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you all are aware, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today on the call. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.With that, I will get out of the way, and let the call begin. Gary?GARY SHEDLIN, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to be here to
BlackRock	INC.: Thank you. Good morning, this is Bob Connolly; I'm General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.
BlackRock	We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors that may cause our results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements we make today.And finally, BlackRock assumes no duty and you should not expect that we will undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that I would like to turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK INC: Thanks, Matt good morning, everyone. Uncertain markets continue in 2012. Markets began the year strong globally, buoyed
BlackRock	the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual future results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause those future results to differ materially from what we say today. Finally, BlackRock assumes, and you should understand that we assume, no duty to and do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, I will get out of the way and turn it over to Ann
BlackRock	Connolly. I'm general counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie and Sue Wagner, our Chief Operating Officer, make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.
BlackRock	Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we make a number of forward-looking statements, we call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors that may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. I'll now turn the meeting over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks,
BlackRock	to point out that during the course of this conference call we will make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. As we report first-quarter
BlackRock	during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock as filed with the SEC reports, which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements.Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone.
BlackRock	Good morning, everyone. It's Bob Connolly, I am General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry, Ann Marie, and Sue make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking
BlackRock	Before Larry, Ann Marie and Sue make their remarks, I want to point out thatduring the course of the conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. And finally BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.And with that I'll turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN
BlackRock	out that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. I call your attention to the fact that BlackRock 's actual results may differ from these statements. And, as you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.So, with that, let's let the call begin.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Okay, thanks, Matt. And good morning, everyone. Just a very
BlackRock	attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward- looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to start out just mentioning that our third quarter reported GAAP reports are $1.62 per share, but from here forward, I'm going to focus on
BlackRock	turn it over to Ann Marie.&nbsp;ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to start out just mentioning that our third quarter reported GAAP reports are $1.62 per share, but from here forward, I'm going to focus on as adjusted results. I would note that in our press release was included an as adjusted measure for both operating and non- operating results. We previously have not shown an as adjusted measure for non-operating. We thought it was helpful to adjust for the same deferred compensation related movement but we have been adjusting for an operating. As one
BlackRock	I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists the factors that may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements.With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our chief financial officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone.
BlackRock	you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK INC: Thanks Bob. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that really, despite an adverse and volatile market in recent months, BlackRock delivered strong results in the quarter. It's a confusing environment out there. Clients more than
BlackRock	forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Ann Marie to discuss our financial results. Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thank you, Patrick. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining. I know it is a busy earnings morning
BlackRock	will turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. We have a lot to cover today. (inaudible - technical difficulty) I will provide some brief comments, then move to the earnings supplement.We generated a record EPS of $3.47 per share this quarter, reflecting increases in both operating income and revenues of between 3% and 5%. That's compared to both a year ago and to the second quarter. Results were also supported by an increased 40.7% operating margin that reflects strong cost discipline and performance. Our earnings growth this quarter
BlackRock	With that I will turn over to Paul Audet, our Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;PAUL L. AUDET, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning. Our first quarter results clearly reflect two different stories. One, very strong core business operating fundamentals, but also the impact of adverse financial markets on nonoperating income where we saw earnings decline by $0.12 associated with nonoperating income, as opposed to a contribution of $0.16 for the first quarter of 2007, and $0.10 for the fourth quarter of 2007.First let's discuss core business. Operating income as adjusted totaled $417 million for the first quarter. This represented an increase of 34%
BlackRock	of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements. With that I will turn over to Paul Audet, our Chief Financial Officer.PAUL L. AUDET, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning. Our first quarter results clearly reflect two different
BlackRock	out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. And finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Hello. I am just going
BlackRock	statements. With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Hello. I am just going to walk you through the highlights of our results for the quarter. Second quarter reported results are $2.05 per share. Second quarter as adjusted earnings are $285 million or $2.14 per share. The as adjusted results are up 13% compared to $1.90 in the first quarter and up 19% compared to $1.80 in the second quarter of 2007 as adjusted earnings for the first half of $4.04 are up 19% compared to 2007.The year-over-year improvement
BlackRock	number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements, and as you know BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.And with that, I'll turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. My comments are going to be on an as adjusted basis, unless I note otherwise.Starting with the facts. Full-year operating
BlackRock	to you that during the course of this call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. I call your attention to the fact that our actual results may differ from these statements. As you all know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors which may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what's said today. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that I'll get out of the way and turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Matt.
BlackRock	attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. Additionally, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With those formalities out of the way, let's begin the call.GARY SHEDLIN, CFO, BLACKROCK INC: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. It is my pleasure to be here to present our third-quarter results. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS Website, or from BMS Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as a today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point
Bristol-Myers Squibb	indicated by these forward looking statements, as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our periodic reports on form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, our Web site or from investor relations.In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may like to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligations as due so even if our estimates change.With
Bristol-Myers Squibb	results as well as discuss our '09 guidance. I know there is a lot going on in the markets today. So thanks for taking the time. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean-Marc Huet, our Chief Financial Officer. Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared remarks, and also joining us for the question-and-answer period are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Operating Officer; and Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer.Before I turn it over to Jim, let me make a quick few legal comments. During the call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans
Bristol-Myers Squibb	questions are Lamberto Andreotti, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer. I'll take care of the legal requirements before we get started.During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research, pipeline, concerning product development and product potential that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the
Bristol-Myers Squibb	our Chief Financial Officer; and both Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks. Also joining for the Q&A portion or Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer, who formally took over on July 1; Beatrice Cazala, who's Executive Vice President of commercial Operations. Joining us from Rome is Giovanni Caforio. Giovanni is been kind enough to join us from our Rome office as he's dealing with some family health issues over there.Before we get started let me cover off the legal requirements. During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results
Bristol-Myers Squibb	plan and is prospects that constitute forward-looking statements -- statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10K and our periodic reports on form 10Q. These documents are available from the SEC, Bristol-Myers website or from Bristol Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as represent willing
Bristol-Myers Squibb	In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. With that, let me turn the call over to Peter.PETER DOLAN, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. First, let me address the PLAVIX issue that you probably read about. We learned just yesterday that the Anti-Trust Division of the Justice Department is conducting
Bristol-Myers Squibb	those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on form 10-K and in our periodic reports on form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations.In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and shouldn't be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change.With that, let me turn the call over to Jim.JIM CORNELIUS, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB
Bristol-Myers Squibb	those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q.&nbsp;These documents are available from the SEC. the Bristol-Myers website, or from Bristol Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. With that, let me turn it over to Peter.PETER DOLAN, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Okay. Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Before I have Andrew take
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Q&A are Elliott Sigal, Chief Scientific Officer, Beatrice Cazala, Senior Vice President commercial operations with responsibility for global commercialization, Europe and emerging markets, and also Tony Hooper, Senior Vice President commercial operations with responsibility for US, Japan, and other international markets. Before we get started, I want to take care of the legal matters. During the call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as
Bristol-Myers Squibb	that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers' website or from Bristol-Myers' Investor Relations.In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent
Bristol-Myers Squibb	from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations. In addition, the forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking information at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even
Bristol-Myers Squibb	on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q.&nbsp;These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date.With that, let me turn it over to Peter Dolan, our Chairman and CEO.PETER DOLAN, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, John. And good morning, everyone. Before Andrew takes you into the details of the quarter results, I want to talk about how the first three months of the
Bristol-Myers Squibb	SVP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thank you, Celia, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us.We're here to discuss our first-quarter earnings release, and with me for prepared remarks are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer, Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining for Q & A are Beatrice Cazala and Tony Hooper, both of whom run our Commercial Operations, and Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer.Before we get started let me take care of the legal requirement. During this call we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes
Bristol-Myers Squibb	and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us today to review our second quarter results. With me today are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; he'll have prepared remarks, as will Charlie Bancroft, our CFO. As you know, Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer usually participates in the call, but sitting for him today for Q and A is our Head of Development, Brian Daniels. Elliott enjoys these calls and would like to be here, but he recently had some knee surgery, and he is recovering well. He enjoys participating, as I said, and he is looking forward to the
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Chief Financial Officer. They'll both have prepared remarks. And joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our head of R&D; Beatrice Cazala, Commercial Operations; and Giovanni Caforio, who runs our US business.First, before we get started, let me take care of the legal requirements. During this call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the
Bristol-Myers Squibb	this morning for prepared remarks are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer, and Charlie Bancroft, our CFO. And then joining for Q&A, are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Giovanni Caforio, President of the US Pharmaceuticals Business; and Beatrice Cazala, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations.Before I turn it over to Lamberto, let me cover the Safe Harbor language. During the call, we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these
Bristol-Myers Squibb	differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on form 10-K and in our periodic reports on form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations.In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. With that, let me turn it over to Peter.PETER DOLAN, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO.: Thanks, John. And good morning, everybody. For the
Bristol-Myers Squibb	President and Chief Financial Officer. Both Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared remarks. Also joining us are Lamberto Andreotti, President; and Elliott Sigal, Chief Scientific Officer, will be available for Q&A. Before we get started, let me cover the legal requirement. During this call, we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects, including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development and product potential. These constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these
Bristol-Myers Squibb	today are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lamberto Andreotti, President and Chief Operating Officer, Elliott Sigal, our Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer and also for the first time, Charlie Bancroft, Senior Vice President and our acting CFO.Jim and Charlie will have prepared remarks and then Lamberto and Elliott will be here for Q&A as well. I'll take care of the legal requirements first. During the call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development and product potential, that constitute forward-looking
Bristol-Myers Squibb	we have several members of Senior Management, Lamberto Andreotti, who will be CEO effective next Tuesday at our annual meeting. He'll have prepared remarks, along with Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for Q&A are Elliot Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer, as well as two additional senior leaders. Beatrice Cazala who is a Senior Vice President Global Commercialization, also with responsibility for -- operational responsibility for Europe and our emerging markets, and Tony Hooper, Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations with responsibility for the US, Japan, and several other markets.Before we get started, let me handle the
Bristol-Myers Squibb	we have several members of Senior Management, Lamberto Andreotti, who will be CEO effective next Tuesday at our annual meeting. He'll have prepared remarks, along with Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for Q&A are Elliot Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer, as well as two additional senior leaders. Beatrice Cazala who is a Senior Vice President Global Commercialization, also with responsibility for -- operational responsibility for Europe and our emerging markets, and Tony Hooper, Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations with responsibility for the US, Japan, and several other markets.Before we get started, let me handle the
Bristol-Myers Squibb	here to discuss our second quarter results. You've seen the release out this morning. With me today for prepared remarks are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer and Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. After the prepared remarks, we'll do to Q&A and also joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, head of R&D as well as Beatrice Cazala and Tony Hooper, our two commercial leads.Before we get started, let me take care of the legal language. During this call, we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Andreotti, our CEO; Charlie Bancroft, our CFO; Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, Senior Vice President Commercial Operations with responsibility for Global Commercialization, Europe, and the Emerging Markets; and also Tony Hooper, also Senior Vice President Commercial Operations, with responsibility for the US and rest of world. This morning Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks and then we'll go to your Q&A.Before we get started, let me take care of the legal requirement. During this call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Both Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks. Then joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and Giovanni Caforio, President of US Pharmaceuticals. Again, Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks and then Elliot, Beatrice and Giovanni will be here for Q&A.Before we get started, I'll take care of the legal requirements. During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation
Bristol-Myers Squibb	to an urgent family health matter. With me this morning are Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Charlie will have prepared remarks. And then joining him for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Francis Cuss, our incoming Chief Scientific Officer; Giovanni Caforio, President of the US Business; and Beatrice Cazala, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations.So, before we get started, let me just take care of some of the legal requirements. During the call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private
Bristol-Myers Squibb	our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jean-Marc Huet our Chief Financial Officer. They both have prepared remarks and joining us for Q&A are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Operating Officer and Elliott Sigal, our chief scientific officer.Before we get started let me take care of the legal requirements. During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects including statements about our financial position, research pipeline, concerning product development, product potential that constitute forward-looking statement for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those
Bristol-Myers Squibb	quick comment before we get started on logistics. For this call, we do have a slide deck that's available on our website, www.bms.com, and you can also access it through the webcast if you'd like to follow along. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Andreotti Lamberto, our President; Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; and Jean Marc-Huet, our Chief Financial Officer. All of -- Jim Lamberto, Elliot and Jean-Marc will all have prepared remarks, and then we'll go to your Q&A.So let me take care of the legal requirement first. During the call,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	are Lamberto Andreotti our Chief Executive Officer. Charlie Bancroft our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Elliott Sigal Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer, also Beatrice Cazala also Executive Vice President Commercial and EU and emerging markets. And for the first time Giovanni Caforio, President of our US business.Before we get started, let me take care of the legal requirement. During the call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ
Bristol-Myers Squibb	and they'll have prepared remarks. And then joining also for Q&A, Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, our commercial lead for global rationalization, as well as responsibility for Europe; and Giovanni Caforio, who runs our US business.Before we get started I'll take care of the legal language. During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important
Bristol-Myers Squibb	With me today, we have Lamberto Andreotti, our CEO; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer -- as you may know, also additional commercial responsibilities. Both Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks. And then joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and Giovanni Caforio, our President of the US Pharmaceuticals business.Let me take care of the legal requirement. During this call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation
Bristol-Myers Squibb	IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thank you, Cindy. Good morning. The thank you for joining us on the call. We are here this morning to review our fourth quarter results as well as our full-year results. Joining me on the call are Jim Cornelius, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Bonfield, our Chief Financial Officer; Elliott Segal, our Chief Scientific Officer; and Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Operating Officer. Before we get started and I turn it over to Jim and Andrew for prepared remarks, let me take care of some of the legal requirements. During the call we may make various remarks about
Bristol-Myers Squibb	company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website, or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent day. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. With that, let me turn the call over to Jim.JIM CORNELIUS, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thanks,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Report in Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q.These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers investor relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. So this morning, Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared remarks and then we'll go to your questions. Jim?JIM CORNELIUS, CHAIRMAN
Bristol-Myers Squibb	on our website, as well as the supporting financial information. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jean-Marc Huet, our Chief Financial Officer; Lamberto Andreoti, Chief Operating Officer; and Elliott Sigal, Chief Scientific Officer. I'll just take care of the safe harbor language first. During this call, we may make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. For purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a
Bristol-Myers Squibb	it's also posted on our website. Joining me on the call today are Jim Cornelius, our chairman and chief executive officer; Jean-Marc Huet, our chief financial officer; Elliott Sigal, our chief scientific officer and Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Operating Officer. Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared comments, and Elliott and Lamberto are here to join us for Q&A. So, before we get started, let me just cover the legal requirements.During this call, we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects including statements about our financial plan, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development, product potential that constitute
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially by those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed on the company's most recent annual report Form 10K, periodic reports on Form 10Q and current reports on Form 8K. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers Squibb web site, or from BMS Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Financial Officer; and this morning also with prepared remarks will be Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer. And then, joining for Q&A are our two commercial leads, Executive Vice President Beatrice Cazala, and the President of US Operations, Giovanni Caforio.Before I turn it over to Lamberto, I just want to cover the Safe Harbor language. As you know, during the call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's
Bristol-Myers Squibb	in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers Squibb website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements reflect our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. With that, let me turn the call over to Jim.JIM CORNELIUS, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB:
Bristol-Myers Squibb	of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, our website, or from our investor relations group. In addition any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. Even if our estimates change. With that let me turn the call
BP plc	Relations Joining me today are Tony Hayward, our Group Chief Executive, Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer, Andy Inglis, Head of Exploration and Production, Iain Conn, Head of Refining and Marketing, and Vivienne Cox, Head of Alternative Energy. Before we start, I'd like you to take a moment to read the next slide. During our presentation today, we'll be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted in the slide and also in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind you that we are holding our
BP plc	forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted on this slide and in our SEC filings. Thank you and now, over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. And good day to those joining us on this call. Before we start I'd, like to draw your attention to the changes that we've made in our stock exchange announcement. We have moved to both simplified reporting and to align it more closely with our peers, as well as better reflecting how management looks at the business. I hope you'll find these changes helpful.As usual, I'll begin my
BP plc	Chief Executive, Bob Dudley, and our Chief Financial Officer, Brian Gilvary. Also with us for the Q&A is the Chief Executive of our upstream, Lamar McKay, and Iain Conn, Chief Executive of Refining and Marketing.Before we start, I need to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation, we will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans, and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcement, and SEC filings for more
BP plc	to hand over to John Browne, our Group Chief Executive.&nbsp;JOHN BROWNE, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Fergus, thank you very much. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We're delighted to be meeting with you face to face and, as ever, there's much of interest to discuss; but the format of the day, however, is pretty conventional. Firstly, Byron is going to take us through the fourth-quarter and full-year results dispersed earlier today. And then we would like to talk about our strategy, our view of the external environment, and the leadership team will then speak on sub strategies and operations of
BP plc	continue to decline from the record level reached in the third quarter of last year. Our first quarter oil realization of $58 per barrel and gas realization of around $5.50 for 1,000 cubic feet were both up by around 1/3 compared with a year earlier.Our first quarter industry indicator refining margin of around $6 per barrel increased slightly, compared with 1Q '05. But the margin realized by our own refineries was slightly lower year-on-year. Overall marketing margins were similar between periods.Our first quarter replacement cost profit of $5.3 billion was 4% lower than in the first quarter of 2005. The
BP plc	Tony Hayward, John Manzoni, David Allen, Iain Conn and Andy Inglis. As usual, Byron and I will do the formal presentations but the team is here to answer your questions once we have finished.This morning, we were delighted to report our 2Q and first-half results. Many of the financial results are records for BP. These have clearly been boosted by the strong trading environment. For the first-half of '06, replacement cost profit is $11.4 billion, up 9% over '05. This is equivalent to $0.56 a share, up 14% over '05, showing the additional benefit of buybacks. A quarterly dividend to
BP plc	factors have benefited our third-quarter results, and I will highlight these as I go through my presentation. I'll also give highlights of our continued strategic progress within the context of our financial framework.Let me start with a summary of the trading environment. The quarter began with oil prices at record levels in the face of supplying anxieties related to the impending hurricane season, rising Middle East tensions, and other factors. Although oil prices softened in September, our $67 per barrel average crude realization in the third quarter was comparable with 2Q and well above that seen a year ago.By contrast,
BP plc	We may make forward-looking statements, which are identified by the use of the words will, expect and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here. I would now like to introduce Lord Browne, BP's Group Chief Executive.LORD JOHN BROWNE, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Ladies and gentlemen, it is a great pleasure to talk to you and to present BP's annual results for 2003. We're (indiscernible) this Webcast to give you both an overview and the relevant detail of our results. As usual, I would like to
BP plc	differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here. Lastly, a reminder, as we explained in our webcast on March the 11th and in our strategy presentation on March the 29th, we have made a number of changes to our financial reporting and to the layout of our earnings release. These changes are intended to be helpful and to increase disclosure and transparency.However, we, of course, recognize that the required restatement of comparative figures for 2003 leads to a need to update your financial model. As we explained in March, a variety of
BP plc	identified by the use of the terms will, expect, and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a variety of reasons such as those noted here. Now, over to John.&nbsp;JOHN BROWNE, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP: Thank you Fergus. Again, a very good afternoon to those listening in Europe and a very good morning to those in North America. Thank you very much for taking the time to join us today. In a few moments, Byron will as usual review the detail behind our results. We will then be happy to take your questions. Before we
BP plc	to all those in United States. I hope you have had a chance to read our stock exchange announcement.Joining me today are Byron Grote, the CFO; Vivian Cox, Head of Gas, Power & Renewables; Tony Hayward, Head of E&P; and John Manzoni, Head of R&M. As usual, Byron and I will do the formal presentations, but the team is here to answer your questions after our presentations.This morning we were delighted to report our 2Q and first-half results -- replacement cost profit for the first half of $10.5 billion, a record up 29% over '04 and that's equivalent to $0.49
BP plc	eventful third quarter for the industry and for BP. In BP's case, as the quarter began, we were working to address operating issues at our Texas City refinery. We were also entering an unusually active maintenance season in the North Sea and Alaska, while continuing work to ramp-up production for major new upstream projects, including several in the Gulf of Mexico. Against this backdrop, hurricanes Katrina and Rita had a material impact on industry prices and margins, as well as on BP's operating and financial results. I will do my best to describe our quarterly results in the light of
BP plc	Investor Relations.FERGUS MCLEOD, VP IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome to BP's second quarter 2010 results conference call. I'm Fergus McLeod, and today's presentation will be by Tony Hayward, our Group Chief Executive, and Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. We're also joined today by our Chairman, Carl-Henric Svanberg for the first few minutes, and he'll make some introductory remarks.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our usual cautionary statements. During today's presentation, we will make reference to estimates, plans and expectations that are forward-looking statements. Actual outcomes could differ materially due to factors we note on
BP plc	expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide, and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report and stock exchange announcements and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you.And now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to BP's third quarter results for 2010. This has been a quarter of significant change for BP, and I'm pleased to say also one of great progress. Bob Dudley took over as Group
BP plc	We may make use of forwarding looking statements, which are identified by the use of the words &quot;will&quot;, &quot;expect&quot; and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here.Now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. I hope you've had a chance to review John Brown's presentation from earlier today, in which he discussed the outlook for oil prices and refining margins, and the inflationary trends in our industry. I will not repeat his comments in detail, but Fergus and I will be
BP plc	would like to draw your attention to this slide. We may make forward-looking statements, which are identified by the use of the words will, expect, and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here. Now over to John.JOHN BROWNE, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Thank you for joining us for our webcast on the announcement of our final 2004 results. We were delighted to report earlier today that our replacement cost profit for 2004 of $16.2 billion is a record, up by 26 percent over 2003. And
BP plc	CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. As you know, this is our first quarter under International Financial Reporting Standards or IFRS. All prior year comparative data presented today and contained in our stock exchange announcement have been restated for IFRS and the other changes I described in our technical briefing last month as detailed on our investor website.Before discussing the financials, I will quickly review price and margin conditions which were slightly better than in the prior quarter and up significantly on the first quarter of 2004. Our average crude oil realization in 1Q was more than $43 per barrel,
BP plc	make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our Annual Report, stock exchange announcement and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you, and now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus, and good day to those joining us on this call.Before we start, I would like to say a brief word on the status of the deal with Rosneft which we announced
BP plc	our estimates, plans, and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcement, and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website.Thank you. And now, over to Brian.BRIAN GILVARY, CFO, BP PLC: Thanks, Jess. Welcome to all of you joining us today on the call.I'd like to start with an overview of first quarter financial performance. Our first quarter underlying replacement cost profit after interest and tax was $4.8 billion, down 13%
BP plc	will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcement, and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you. And now over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Jess. Our call today proves that not everything in London stops for the Olympics. We are operating our everyday business as usual around the world. As well as embracing
BP plc	me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I would like to you take a moment to read this next slide. As usual, during our presentation we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted on this slide and in our SEC filings. Thank you. And now, over to Byron.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Byron Grote, BP PLC - CFO [3]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Thank you, Fergus. Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to BP's third quarter results for 2009. As usual, I will begin my review
BP plc	Iain ConnBP plc - Chief Executive, Refining and MarketingConference Call Participants* Mark BloomfieldCitigroup - Analyst* Alastair SymeNomura - Analyst* Theepan JothilingamMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jonathan RigbyUBS - Analyst* Robert KesslerSimmons & Company - Analyst* Irene HimonaExane - Analyst* Neil McMahonSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Joe ToveyTovey & Co. - Analyst* Colin SmithICAP - Analyst* Mark GilmanThe Benchmark Company - Analyst* Lucy HaskinsBarclays Capital - Analyst* Sergio MolisaniUnicredit - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James - Analyst* Neill MortonMFG - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community, webcast and conference call.I now hand over to Fergus McLeod, head of Investor Relations.FERGUS
BP plc	to estimates, plans and expectations, that are forward-looking statements. Actual results, including production, could differ materially due to factors we note on this slide, and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report in accounts and first quarter stock exchange announcement for more details. Both of these documents are available on our web site.Thank you. And now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. And good day to those joining us on this call.You will all be aware of the tragic incident last week on the Transocean Deepwater Horizon drilling rig. Our thoughts
BP plc	phone, or on the web, where I understand there is a large group. For those here in London, you would've seen behind me, our safety evacuation guidelines. We are not planning to test the alarm system today, so if you hear it, please proceed as advised and further details can be found on the handouts on your chair.I am pleased to be joined onstage by Byron Grote our CFO, and Iain Conn, Head of Refining And Marketing. And with us in the audience we have our chairman, Carl-Henric Svanberg, as well as the BP executive team, who I will come
BP plc	we will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcements and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website.Thank you. And now over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Jess. And good afternoon or good morning, everyone, depending on where you are in the world. As you all know, the last few weeks have been a very traumatic
BP plc	Officer.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation, we will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcement, and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you, and now over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Thank you, Jess, and good afternoon or good morning, everyone, depending on where
BP plc	Hello and welcome to BP's second quarter 2008 conference call. My name is Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Tony Harward, our Group Chief Executive, Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer, Andy Inglis, Head of Exploration and Production, Iain Conn, Head of Refining and Marketing, and Vivian Cox, Head of alternative Energy.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to this next slide. During our presentation today we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons such as those noted on this slide
BP plc	across our businesses, feeding through into financial momentum in the second half of this year and into 2009. That is what we're seeing.Overall, we're heading in the right direction, and today's results are another step along that path. Recovery is particularly evident in the upstream, where we've been able to capture the benefits of a strong environment with rising underlying production, good cost control, and a number of key startups, all of which has resulted in strong cash flow generation.In Refining and Marketing, there's been important progress in restoring operational reliability in our US refineries, and we're also beginning to
BP plc	results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted in this slide and also in our SEC filings. Thank you, and now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you Fergus, and good day to those joining us on this call. The third quarter was another strong performance for the group. And again exceeded market forecasts as we continue to deliver on our promise to close the competitive gap. Strong oil and gas realizations, improved operational performance in refining, and continued focus on cost control more than offset the impact of
BP plc	Head of Investor Relations and joining me today are Tony Hayward, our Group Chief Executive, Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer, Andy Inglis, Head of Exploration and Production and Iain Conn, Head of Refining and Marketing.Before we start, I'd like you to take a moment to read this next slide.Thank you and now over to Tony.TONY HAYWARD, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Thank you Fergus, ladies and gentlemen a warm welcome to BP's second quarter results for 2009. Before I hand to Byron to take you through our 2Q results in more detail, I'd like to spend a few minutes
BP plc	* Simon Hawkins MF Global - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome to BP's second quarter 2011 results conference call. Today's presentation will be by Bob Dudley, our Group Chief Executive, and Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I'd just like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation, we will make reference to estimates, plans, and expectations that are forward-looking statements. Actual outcomes could differ materially
BP plc	As many of you may know, I am moving to a new role as BP's Head of Strategic Planning and as a result this will be the last quarterly webcast that I host. Jessica Mitchell will be taking over as Director of Investor Relations.I have really enjoyed my nine years in investor relations, and I'd like to thank you all for that. Today's presentation will be by Bob Dudley, our Group Chief Executive; and Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation, we will make reference
BP plc	question-and-answer session later. Now, before we start, draw your attention -- careful attention to our Cautionary Statement. Please read it carefully. During today's presentation, we will reference estimates, plans and expectations that are forward-looking statements. The actual outcomes could differ materially due to the factors we note on this slide and in our regulatory filings. Please refer to our Annual Report and Accounts 20-F and fourth quarter Stock Exchange announcement for more details. These documents are also available on our website.Now, today, we are going to return to the plans we laid out to you in October, our 10-point Plan
BP plc	and Integration.And also in the front row with us we have Byron Grote, who is our Executive Vice President of Corporate Business Activities, you all know; [Deb Sanyel], BP's new Group Chief of Staff; Fergus MacLeod, Group head of Strategic Planning; and Jess Mitchell, who you met earlier, head of IR.You will now have an opportunity to put your questions to all of us. We are webcasting this final section of the presentation today. And for those joining us for the first time on the Web and telephones who did not see our previous message, here is our usual cautionary
BP plc	Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcement, and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you, and now over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP: Thank you Jess. Today is the presentation of our third quarter results. It is also a quarter during which a great deal has happened at BP. Most notably, last week's announcements of our plans to reposition our interests in Russia, bringing with it
BP plc	webcast. Those of you on our distribution list should have received them by e-mail. They are also available on our web site. Second, I'd like to draw your attention to this cautionary statement. Now over to Tony.TONY HAYWARD, CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our fourth quarter and full year results presentation. Before I ask Byron to take you through the details, of our results I want reflect from where BP stands at the start of 2008, 2007 was a year of change for BP. Our performance for the year was disappointing in some areas
BP plc	the improvement. We began to stabilize our operational performance to resolve many of the issues we faced in the U.S. and create strategic clarity on the future. In 2008, we expect to begin to build on this operational momentum and begin to convert it into financial momentum particularly in the second half of the year and into 2009. Let me begin with safety, 2007 saw further improvement in our overall safety performance. We've made good progress in addressing the recommendations of the Baker panel and begun to implement a new operating management system across all of BP's operations.Turning now to
BP plc	of inventory holding gains and losses. This change should remove some of the volatility that we've seen in the past during periods of significant change in the oil price as in 4Q 2007 and makes our result more easily comparable to industry peers. We expect the full year effective tax rate on this new basis to be within the previously indicated range of 36 to 38%. As usual I'll begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. Our average liquids realization exceeded $90 per barrel in the first quarter, 70% higher than last year. Our 1Q gas realization
BP plc	PLC: Thank you, Fergus, and good day to those joining us on this call. In February we outlined our plans to restore competitive performance. The first quarter results reflect the beginning of the momentum that will build over the next two years with improved operating performance and the benefits of restructuring contributing progressively towards stronger financial delivery. Before I begin the detailed look at 1Q I'd like to draw your attention to a change related to replacement costs profit.Responding to feedback from many of you, beginning this quarter replacement costs profit will exclude the tax effects of inventory holding gains
BP plc	today's presentation, we will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide, and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange (inaudible) SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you, and now over to Bob.ROBERT DUDLEY, CEO, BP PLC: Thanks, Jess, and welcome, everyone. No matter where you on the world or what time it is, thank you for joining us. July to September this year was another big
BP plc	phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons such as those noted on this slide.Secondly, as this slide points out, the presentation today contains some non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measures can be found on our website.As you know, my friend and long-standing colleague, Tony Hayward, was recently named by the board as my successor. Tony and I have worked closely together for at least a decade and a half, and I'm excited about him leading the Company. We have already begun our transition. Tony has
BP plc	you, Fergus, and good day to those joining us on this call. This morning you would have noticed that we've made several changes to the form of our stock exchange announcement. We've also moved from a quarterly trading update to a weekly trading conditions update to deliver more timely information on key prices and margins.These changes were made in response to feedback received from many of you. We hope that you'll find them helpful.Let me now begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. Oil prices in the first quarter continued to decline from the record level reached
BP plc	and gentlemen, welcome to our second quarter results presentation. This is, of course, something of a landmark for me, as these are my first set of results as BP's Chief Executive. In today's world it's become traditional for a new leader to be judged on their first 100 days in office. This is my 95th day, so I hope you don't mind if, in addition going through the quarterly numbers, I use this opportunity to take stock of the Company from the perspective of a new CEO. It's been a busy period. I've been doing what I promised to do
BP plc	quarter, oil prices continue to strengthen amid concerns over hurricane activity and draws on U.S. crude stocks.&nbsp;Our average 3Q liquids realization of $71 per barrel was higher than both the previous quarter and last year. By contrast, our third quarter gas realization of around $3.90 per thousand cubic feet was down 12% compared to a year ago as gas prices were lower in both the United States and the United Kingdom, in light of ample supplies and mild weather conditions. Taking both oil and gas together, our total hydrocarbon realizations for the quarter and year-to-date were comparable to last year.
British American Tobacco PLC	US and India, suggests that the volume declines we have seen in recent years, are now moderating. Industry volumes are down a little over 2%, which is an improvement over the 3% plus declines we have seen during the recession years.Our volume, both reported and organic, was down 1%, which implies continued share growth. Our top 40 market volume share rose by 60 basis points. This also implies that our mix has continued to improve, and this is reflected in our organic premium volume, which rose 0.3%, while below premium, was down 1.6%.The Global Drive Brands and our innovation strategy
British American Tobacco PLC	was flat. However, the real story is in the constant organic numbers, which show the underlying performance of the business. Organic volumes were down 0.6%, and if we strip out the Japan benefit, they would have grown slightly, up 0.1%.Constant organic revenue was up 4%, and profit up 6%. GDBs continued to perform well, up 4%, with growth in all four brands. Again, excluding the Japan benefit they would have grown nearly 6%.The decline in industry volumes continues to moderate and, on an underlying basis, volumes were down between 1% and 1.5%. Excluding the impact of Japan, the Group's cigarette
British American Tobacco PLC	on the conference call or watching via our website bat.com. After taking you through our results, there will, as always, be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions.When you look at the headline numbers, 2008 was an outstanding year for BAT. Group volumes were up 4.5% or 1% organically and our global drive brands continued their strong growth up 16%.Revenue and profit rose 21% and 24% respectively at current rates. At comparable rates of exchange revenue rose by 11% and profit from operations excluding adjusting items was up 14%.Our adjusted earnings per share rose 19%, mainly as
British American Tobacco PLC	a number of one-off factors, including trade inventory movements in Brazil and the GCC, and the impact of the leap year. Excluding these factors, underlying volume was down around 2%, this is slightly better than the industry, which now expects to be down 2.5% to 3% this year.The difficult economic conditions in a number of markets in Western Europe, softer volumes in Brazil and Russia, as a result of the excise-driven price increases and ongoing instability in the Middle East and North Africa have resulted in lower overall industry volume.The Global Drive Brands continue to perform well with cigarette volumes
British American Tobacco PLC	obviously provide you with a much better understanding of the Group's performance and the real drivers behind the 17% in adjusted diluted earnings per share. Reflecting the good growth in underlying earnings, the dividend for the year increased by 9% to 47 pence.Our strategy is working. We continue to make good progress in each of the key areas of our corporate strategy - growth, productivity, responsibility and winning organization. On a like for like basis subsidiaries' volumes grew by 2%, our global drive brands grew by 9% and our top line was up by 7% at current rates of exchange.In
British American Tobacco PLC	gains and rose 17% at current rates and 8% at constant rates, also ahead of trend. The strong start to the year was reflected in adjusted diluted earnings per share, being up 14%, at 22.05 pence, a good start to the year.On a like-for-like basis, volumes were ahead 3%, with strong performances in Europe, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Lower volumes in Canada and Turkey resulted in volume declines for the America-Pacific and Africa-Middle East region. Global drive brands rose an excellent 18% on a like-for-like basis, with Kent up 14%, Dunhill up 12% and Pall Mall up by a remarkable
British American Tobacco PLC	continue to do well, with particularly good results from India and the United States. Profit before tax and profit after tax in minorities rose 7%, and adjusted diluted earnings per share rose 20%. In line with our policy of declaring an interim dividend representing one-third of the prior year's total dividend, the interim dividend is 12% higher at 15.7 pence.Now in the first quarter results announcement, we drew shareholders' attention to the benefit from exchange gains which we believe were unlikely to continue into the second half of the year. We still believe that to be the case. Exchange gains
British American Tobacco PLC	the timing of shipments. But for the nine months, Group volumes are ahead and global drive brands show excellent growth.&nbsp;Throughout the presentation you will hear references to like-for-like numbers. Like-for-like excludes the exceptional charges as well as last year's distortion arising from the new terms of trade in Italy following the disposal of Etinera. So on a like-for-like basis, net revenues was up at 6% at current rates and up 4% at constant rates, slightly ahead of trend. Similarly, profit from operations on a like-for-like basis benefited from favorable foreign exchange gains and rose 8% at current rates and 6%
British American Tobacco PLC	up 9% at constant rates with good underlying performances recorded in all regions. Group volumes grew 4.6% to 192b. Excluding acquisition volume, the organic growth was just over 1%. International brands grew 1.4% and our four global drive brands rose 3.2%. The volume decline in America-Pacific follows lower industry shipments in the US, Canada and Japan, and lower volumes in South Korea, and I will address each of those markets in a few moments. There were good volume performances in Asia-Pacific and the 1.1% volume gain in Latin America follows last year's acquisition in Peru.In Europe, the recently acquired ETI
British American Tobacco PLC	with any guidance for the year as a whole. You will recall that we announced in February our new practice of declaring an interim dividend, which is equal to one third of the prior year's total dividend. The Board will review the 2005 dividend payout next year, when we approve the 2005 accounts.I believe that this is an excellent set of results, which underlines that our corporate strategy, that we've had in place now for some time, really is working well.The environment in which we operate continues to be challenging and we have in recent months seen excise shocks, the
British American Tobacco PLC	[indiscernible] up a little bit in the first half and then 3% in the third quarter.I was just wondering in terms of what we should be looking at for the fourth quarter. Is the 9-month figure a better guide, or should we be looking at the third quarter more?PAUL ADAMS: I'll just repeat the question, Paul. The question was on profits, particularly on the regional profits and what guide does the 9month or third quarter give for the full year?PAUL RAYNER, FINANCE DIRECTOR, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: I think it would still be best to look at the first 9 months
British American Tobacco PLC	balanced approach to achieving growth, improving productivity, managing our business in a responsible fashion and developing a winning organization. We will continue to drive all 4 elements of our strategy in order to build a sustainable business and achieve leadership of the industry.In addition to organic growth, we look for value-enhancing acquisitions and although we did not make any acquisitions last year, we believe we have indeed have had some success -- (technical difficulty). We assured that the first-year integration for our Italian business was a success and profitably ahead of expectations. The Reynolds American transaction has given the Group
British American Tobacco PLC	will (indiscernible) to go through those but if any one of you would have questions on those during the Q&A session, of course Paul Adams will gladly help you along with those.(indiscernible) overview first of all, the question is how did the Group do last year? We believe it has been a good year with all legions (ph) achieving organic growth at comparable rates of exchange with the exception of America-Pacific. This demonstrates the fundamental strength provided by our successful strategy and of course our geographical diversity.Now, discounting the adverse impact of exchange, operating profit at comparable rates of exchange
British American Tobacco PLC	me first point out that whilst we have had a good start to the year, the first quarter is not indicative for the year as a whole. As we progress through the year, the 2004 comparatives are going to be more demanding.Similarly though, the 4% fall in profit from operations disguises the fact that four regions have enjoyed strong profit growth. Whilst the large part of the America Pacific decline is due to the IFRS treatment of our largest associate, Reynolds American. On a like-for-like basis, profit from operations was up around 6%.There were some very good performances around the
British American Tobacco PLC	during the nine months, and I am pleased with the quality of our volume growth. But the global drive brand is doing particularly well, up 14% in the third quarter.We continue to make progress in each of the key areas of our corporate strategy, growth, productivity, responsibility and winning organization. In terms of responsibility I am delighted to report that British American Tobacco has been selected for the fourth year in succession to be included in the Dow Jones sustainability index.A few words on volume. After making allowances for the Reynolds American transaction and the change in terms of trade
British American Tobacco PLC	are Nicandro Durante, Chief Operating Officer, and Ben Stevens, Finance Director. Thank you all for coming; and a warm welcome to those of you who may be listening, on the conference call, or watching via our website, bat.com.After taking you through the results, there will as always be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions.In 2009, the world found itself in the grip of the deepest global recession since the 1930s. Tough times indeed, with investors and consumers alike, looking for stability amid the turmoil of financial uncertainty and rising unemployment.That's why when you look at the
British American Tobacco PLC	American Tobacco. And with me are Nicandro Durante, Chief Operating Officer, and Ben Stevens, Finance Director.This morning we'll be taking you through the half-yearly results, after which there will, as usual, be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions. And good morning to those of you who maybe listening on the conference call, or watching via our website, bat.com.Before giving you my main impressions of today's results, let me begin by briefly running through the headline numbers. Overall volumes, at GBP348 billion, were down just GBP1 billion on last year. Excluding the Bentoel acquisition in Indonesia, organic
British American Tobacco PLC	welcome to those of you who may be listening to the conference call, or watching via our website, bat.com.After taking you through the results presentation, there will be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions.How should I describe 2010? Well, although it's been a tough year, we've performed strongly, achieving or exceeding most of our strategic targets. We didn't get the recovery we had hoped for in some parts of the world, but there was evidence in the latter part of the year that trading conditions are improving in Eastern Europe.Consumer confidence and disposable incomes have been
British American Tobacco PLC	strong financial performance across all regions.Reported volume for the Group was down 1.6%, and organically 2%. This was principally as a result of industry volume declines in Western Europe, Brazil, and Egypt, together with volume losses in low margin brands in Indonesia, and Turkey.We have grown our Global Drive Brands by 3%, with all brands contributing to the increase.Share is up in the majority of our top 40 markets, with strong performance in many markets, including Brazil, Canada, Malaysia, France, Germany, the GCC, and Pakistan; offset by losses in Indonesia, South Korea, Italy, and Turkey. However, following increased portfolio investments,
British American Tobacco PLC	of British American Tobacco, my name is Jan Du Plessis. And with me this morning, I've got Paul Adams, our Chief Executive, and Ben Stevens, Finance Director.We will be taking you first through the interim results, after which there will as usual be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions. And a good morning to those of you who may be listening on the conference call or watching via our website, bat.com.Before giving you my main impressions of today's results, let me begin by briefly running you through some of the headline numbers. Overall volumes rose 1%
British American Tobacco PLC	economic environment. Our associates volumes were GBP111 billion and our share of the post-tax results, excluding exceptionals, increased by 6% to GBP235 million at current rates and by 4% at constant rates of exchange.There was a solid performance from Scandanavisk Tobakskompagni and strong growth from ITC. But the contribution from Reynolds American was slightly lower as a result of reduced volumes.Adjusted diluted earnings per share grew by 16% to 62p. Higher net finance costs and an increase in minorities were more than offset by the improvement in profit from operations, the boost from foreign currency, a slightly lower tax rate
British American Tobacco PLC	Chief Executive and Ben Stevens, Finance Director.In a few moments, Paul and Ben will give an overview of the results. On our website www.bat.com, you'll find the slides that accompany the presentation, together with the earnings announcement released earlier today.After the presentation, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. The conference call operator will give you the instructions on how to ask those questions.A particularly warm welcome to those listening in South Africa. Earlier this week, British American Tobacco shares began trading on the JSE.Before I hand over to Paul, a word or two on some changes
British American Tobacco PLC	morning everyone and welcome to our results presentation. I'm Jan du Plessis, Chairman of British American Tobacco and with me this morning, I've got Paul Adams, our Chief Executive and Ben Stevens, our Finance Director.This morning, we'll be taking you through the half yearly results. After which, there will, as usual, be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions; and good morning also to those of you who may be listening on the conference call or watching via our website bat.com.Before giving you my main impressions of today's results, let me begin by briefly running you through
British American Tobacco PLC	and the quality of our people have delivered another year of very good earnings growth.These are not easy times by any means, and 2011 was not a one-off year. We have consistently delivered good earnings growth over the last decade, demonstrating that our proven strategy continues to deliver.This strategy, and the consistent earnings growth it delivers, translates into superior returns to our shareholders. In 2011 the share price appreciated by 24% and shareholders received dividends of 119p per share. In addition, we commenced our share buyback program, and returned a further GBP750 million. Rewarding our shareholders with superior returns is
British American Tobacco PLC	about, I thought I may as well start with one bit of bad news. I'm sure you will have seen from our announcement early this morning that Paul Rayner has decided to return to Australia for family reasons, and accordingly has asked to stand down as Finance Director at our AGM in April. With great sadness, we have obviously agreed to his request and we can only wish Paul and his family well at this difficult time. We're not only losing a brilliant Finance Director, but I can assure you that, I'm sure you'll all agree, that we are losing
British American Tobacco PLC	brilliant Finance Director, but I can assure you that, I'm sure you'll all agree, that we are losing somebody who is widely respected both inside and outside the Company and who is much liked by his colleagues worldwide.Paul will be succeeded by Ben Stevens, currently Regional Director of Europe. I think a number of you might have met him from time to time. Paul is a tremendously experienced executive. Since joining -- Ben, I'm now talking about. Ben has been -- since joining the Group in 1990, Ben has held a number of financial and general management roles in different
British American Tobacco PLC	Edmondson to begin today's conference.RALPH EDMONDSON, HEAD OF IR, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm Ralph Edmondson, Head of Investor Relations, and welcome to the first quarter 2008 results call. With me today are Paul Adams, Chief Executive, and Ben Stevens, Finance Director. In a few moments, both Paul and Ben will give you an overview of the results.On our website bat.com you will find the slides that accompany the presentation, together with the earnings announcement released earlier today.After the presentation, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. The conference
British American Tobacco PLC	and then some of the detail behind them.Reported Group cigarette volume for the first three months rose 1.3%, due mainly to the absence of the negative one-off factors we saw in the first quarter last year, such as the impact of the high level of trade buying in some markets at the end of 2006.At this point, it is worth remembering that we disposed of some businesses last year, primarily some cigarette brands in Italy and the Chesterfield trademark in Southern Africa. Our organic volume growth was therefore 1.6%.Looking deeper into these results, it is clear that our brand mix
British American Tobacco PLC	These good operating results produced adjusted earnings per share growth of 10%.As was the case last year, EPS growth was therefore ahead of our medium to long term expectation of delivering on average, high single-digit earnings growth. As you can see from this chart, our track record for producing high single figure earnings growth over the long term is excellent.Four years into our productivity initiatives we are generating annual cost savings approaching GBP0.75 billion. Both the overheads and indirects initiatives, as well as the work we have done on the supply chain, are well on track. These cost savings are
British American Tobacco PLC	BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning, everyone. With a 10% growth in adjusted earnings per share, we have described the Group's performance during the first quarter as a solid start to 2007. As you can see from this slide, which shows the key drivers, we have lower volumes, which were affected by the shipment distortions we discussed at the preliminary results presentation in March. Revenue was lower, due to the adverse currency movements we have been warning shareholders about since last year's interim results. And while profit from operations has been strong, exchange rates have masked an outstanding performance at constant
British American Tobacco PLC	one-off factors, which we reported earlier this year, although sales of our global drive brands increased by 6%. Revenue was lower due to adverse currency movements, but in constant currency terms grew strongly by 4%. Profits from operations, excluding exceptional items, was particularly strong; up 9% at current rates of exchange, and an outstanding 18% at constant rates.Our associated companies continue to perform well, although our share of their post tax results, excluding exceptionals, was down by 2%, mainly due to currency, and a particularly strong second quarter last year for Reynolds American. In constant currency terms, our share of
British American Tobacco PLC	those questions. I'll now hand over to Paul Adams.&nbsp;PAUL ADAMS, CEO, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone, let's first look at the headlines and then some of the detail behind them. Group volume for the first nine months is still down on last year, due mainly to the factors we saw in the earlier part of the year such as the impact of the high level of trade buying in some markets at the end of 2006, supply chain disruptions in the Middle East and the loss of StiX in Germany.Looking deeper into these results it is clear that our
Inbev	of acquisitions and divestitures or the transfer of activities between segments.In addition, certain statements we make in this call that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements notwithstanding that such statements are not specifically identified. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as anticipate, estimate, project, believe, intend and similar words and phrases. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict and outside of the control of the management of InBev.Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted
Inbev	next to volume growth we're focused on driving revenue growth by increasing revenue [inaudible], implementation of revenue management programs, including global brands growth of 8.6% were very important in our revenue growth program, which ended up with revenue [inaudible] year-on-year +7.8% in the first quarter.Third, we remain firmly committed to become more efficient in all areas of InBev. We're rolling out Voyager plant optimization and our zero-based budget program further into the organization, which helps to avoid full inflation pass through in our cost space. Better procurement is also critical support to fully exploit these programs.Organically, cost of sales was
Inbev	results delivered organic volume growth, as you know, and we are committed to growing our volumes ahead of global industry volumes and we did it this quarter. So our Beer volumes grew by 5.7%.Number two. Our efforts to grow volumes must not come at any cost, but as a result of revenue management programs in a consistent way. And this continued to drive revenue, which grew this quarter by 8.3% year on year.And thirdly, our cost management continues to improve. In the second quarter we kept our cost of sales growth at 3.8% and cost of sales per hectoliter remains
Inbev	in other zones were weaker. Our total volume growth was 5.4% year-over-year with beer growing at 4.6. Secondly, we aim to increase revenues ahead of volumes by a consistent focus to the deploy revenue management programs. All zones, except for Asia Pacific, demonstrated revenue per Hl growth, leading to a consolidated organic increase of EURO 1.6 per Hl. And this combined with volume growth led to a revenue increase of 7.1% year on year. Note that for Asia Pacific, both China and South Korea increased revenue per Hl but the change in country mix resulted in a decrease at zone
Inbev	from the focused brand initiatives that we've taken in all those markets where we operate. This has led to us making some tough choices within marketing, particularly when it came to selecting the brands that we'd like to forcefully support for growth at the expense of some other brands, which would get meaningfully less support. The projects are already delivering, and combined with ongoing business improvements, led to an EBITDA margin of over 26% in the first half of 2005, which is a substantial improvement.As I've said, we've taken important initiatives regarding our global, premium, and specialty brands in the
Inbev	30% in the third quarter with very solid organic EBITDA growth of almost 12%.&nbsp;Second, and I think really importantly, in this third-quarter announcement we saw volume growth across all zones. And as a matter of fact, we saw good growth in Germany in volume, revenue and operating profit. We outperformed the market in Belgium and Luxembourg, also in France, and then we recovered some lost market share in the UK.Third, we clearly remain geared to growth and, as you again know, almost 75% of our total volume is being generated in growth markets. We also continue to focus on improving
Inbev	that such statements are not specifically identified. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as anticipate, estimate, projects, believes, intends similar words and phrases. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict and outside of the control of the management of InBev.Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements are made, and InBev undertakes an obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events
Inbev	statements speak only as of the date on which the statements are made, and InBev undertakes an obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurence of unanticipated events.You should not rely on these forward-looking statements. Further, in connection with the proposed acquisition referred to in this call, Anheuser-Busch and/or InBev intend to file relevant material with the SEC. Investors of A2B are urged to read the proxy statement and all other relevant documents filed with the SEC when they become available because they
Inbev	transfers of the activities between segments.With that, I would now like to hand over to today's chairperson, Mr. Carlos Brito, Chief Executive Officer. Please begin your meeting and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Thanks, Michael. Welcome to all of you. I am joined here by our CFO, Felipe Dutra. I'm pleased to share with you the results we published this morning and would be happy to answer your questions afterwards. So let's review the financial highlights based on our three operational drivers -- volume, revenue and class.We had volume growth of 5.2% for the full year, with
Inbev	class.We had volume growth of 5.2% for the full year, with beer volume growth of 4.7%. However, our own beer volume -- branded volumes -- increased by 5% as a result of our strategy to focus on building branded volumes while reducing private labels and other lower-margin beer volumes. For the fourth quarter, volumes grew 5.7%, with beer up 4.3%. However, our own beer volumes increased by the same 5% as the result of the same strategy.During the full year of 2007, we managed to increase total revenues by 7.2%, ahead of volume growth. This translates into revenue per hectoliter
Inbev	by the exceptional 9.9% growth of cost of sales per hectoliter over the period versus the prior year. We expected a tough quarter given higher input costs, which could not be offset by supply efficiency programs, and the unfavorable comparison against a very good first quarter in '07, a quarter in which our cost of sales grew 0% as compared to first quarter '06. Cost of sales per hectoliter growth year-on-year should decelerate over the remainder of the year.Nevertheless, it should be noted that the recent developments indicate that the weighted average inflation, CPI, in the countries in which we
Inbev	and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Hello, everyone. I have here with me our CFO, Felipe Dutra. Results in the first quarter of 2008 were difficult, with volumes down by 0.4%, and EBITDA growth of just 0.7% as compared to the same quarter last year. It is fair to say that the first quarter last year was a particularly strong one, with volume growth of 7.1% well ahead of the 2007 full-year volume growth of 5.2%.This quarter results were mainly impacted by two issues. First, we were significantly affected by the exceptional 9.9% growth of cost of
Inbev	numbers. That is eliminating the impact in changes in currencies, on translation of foreign operations, acquisitions and divestures and transfer between zones. So we're going to be talking organic numbers.2006 was a year in which we delivered on our commitments. We see because we not only delivered overall strong financial results but also because we achieved a normalized EBITDA margin of 31.9%, while our commitment was to deliver a 30% margin by the end of next year or this year '07. So we delivered one year ahead of plan. If we discount positive effect of foreign exchange rates our normalized
Inbev	Latin America North and Latin America South. Going forward, you should expect us to report in this way and we have presented the '06 quarterly results in this structure, in the Annex 2 of our press release.Secondly, in December '06 we announced an agreement in which Anheuser-Busch, or A-B, is the exclusive importer of our European brands for the U.S., since February this year, '07. And we are now reporting this business within the segment called Global Export and Holding Companies. This means that you'll see a scope out of North America and a scope in to the Global Export
Inbev	between segments.&nbsp;The second quarter has shown improvements in our overall business with EBITDA margin expansion, volume growth and EBITDA growth. But, we can do better. We have higher expectations for our China and UK operations. In those operations, we have been outperformed by competitors and we must do better. The way to get back on track in those geographies is to continue to enhance our people capabilities, (inaudible) equity and in-market execution, thus building a sustainable and profitable platform for our business to grow.Now let's review how we performed against our three long-term objectives. First, volumes. Volumes grew again in
Inbev	the third quarter, we had good performance in Latin America North, Latin America South and Central and Eastern Europe, while top-line performance was below our expectations in China and Western Europe. Overall, third quarter volume growth was 3.5%, with beer volumes increasing by 3.6%.In the nine months, the volume story is similar, with growth coming mainly from Central and Eastern Europe and the two Latin American zones. Nine months total volumes growth was 5.1%, while beer volume was up by 4.8%.The other key top-line metric is revenue, where our objective is to grow revenue ahead of volumes. For the third
Caterpillar Inc.	today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited.If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC Filings area of the Investor section of our cat.com website or to the SEC's website, where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the
Caterpillar Inc.	Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens; Group President, Ed Rapp; and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the Investors section of our cat.com website, or to the SEC's website where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be
Caterpillar Inc.	this morning, undoubtedly we'll be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in the aggregate could make actual results differ materially from our projections that can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1a, Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC in February of this year and also in the forward-looking statements language in today's release.Now in addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures can be found in our financial release.
Caterpillar Inc.	as well.&nbsp;To start off this morning, I will just take a few minutes to walk you through the past year and the fourth quarter. 2005 was certainly a great year for Caterpillar. Sales and revenues were up $6 billion to 36.3 billion for the year. That is 20% higher than 2004 and right on the outlook we provided at the end of the third quarter. Profit per share for the year was $4.04. That is 40% above last year's $2.88 a share. That is $0.04 above the top end of the outlook we issued with the third-quarter release and $0.11
Caterpillar Inc.	Harbor statement in the Form 8-K filed today with the SEC.This morning, we reported a great first quarter, and we announced an improvement in the profit outlook for the full year. The first quarter was an excellent start to the year, and compared with a year ago sales and revenues were up 13% at $9.4 billion, and profit per share was $1.20, up 48% from a year ago. Of the increase in sales and revenues, price realization was $587 million, physical sales volume increased $511 million, and Financial Products revenues were $99 million higher.The effect of currency in the quarter
Caterpillar Inc.	pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens, and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call. And Jim will kick off this morning's discussion.JIM OWENS, CEO, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you, Mike. Earlier this morning we reported a spectacular quarter with profit per share up 41% from last year. It was the best quarter in our history and our first quarter had sales and revenues of $10 billion. Our first-quarter profit exceeded $1 billion. Both of these are significant milestones that we are very proud of.For the first half sales and revenues were right at $20 billion; profit
Caterpillar Inc.	the Safe Harbor statement in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC today.On our call today I am pleased to have Group President Doug Oberhelman with me, and our CFO Dave Burritt. Earlier this morning, we reported another quarter of higher sales and revenues and higher profits. In fact, this was the best third quarter in our history, and our second consecutive quarter with sales and revenues above $10 billion.For the quarter, sales and revenues were $10.5 billion. That is up about $1.5 billion or 17% from a year ago. Profit per share was $1.14, up $0.20 or 21% from
Caterpillar Inc.	Securities and Exchange Commission today.As you know, this morning we reported fourth-quarter sales and revenues of $6.47 billion and profit per share of 97 cents. For the year, sales and revenues were $22.76 billion, and profit per share was $3.13. Sales and revenues for the fourth quarter of 2003 were up $1,088,000,000 from fourth quarter 2002, mainly due to 715 million of higher machinery and engine volume, $200 million from the impact of currency, and $66 million of higher financial products division revenues. Price realization of $63 million and emissions-related price increases of $44 million accounted for the balance of
Caterpillar Inc.	currency impact on sales of $176 million, which was due mainly to the stronger Euro; favorable price realization of $74 million, and higher financial products revenues of $68 million. Profit was $412 million, $283 million higher than first quarter of 2003. The increase in profit was due primarily to a $405 million favorable profit impact of higher sales volumes, higher price realization of $74 million and the absence of $49 million in nonconformance penalties paid in the first quarter of 2003. These favorable items were partially offset by higher core operating costs of $77 million, higher retirement benefits of $55
Caterpillar Inc.	Sales and revenues for the first half of 2004 were $14.03 billion and profit was $964 million. Sales and revenues were up 27 percent from second quarter 2003 with machinery up $1.17 billion and engines up $429 million. The increase in sales and revenues was largely due to a $1.35 billion of higher machinery and engines volume, $131 million of increased price realization, a $116 million favorable impact of currency on sales due primarily to the strengthening euro and $33 million of higher financial products revenues. Revenues of financial products were $464 million, up $33 million, or about 8 percent
Caterpillar Inc.	second quarter and the upwardly revised outlook for 2005. Speaking of the outlook, certain information we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC today.Okay, let's start with second-quarter results. I am very pleased this morning to report record sales and revenues and record profits for the second quarter. Sales and revenues were $9,360,000,000, and profit was $760,000,000 or $1.08 a share. Just a reminder here, I am sure you all know that the two-for-one stock split became effective last
Caterpillar Inc.	morning's release, but I do want to make a few key points before we start the Q&A.&nbsp;First, certain information we'll be discussing today is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact our expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is also in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC today.Okay. A few key points about third-quarter results. First, I'm very pleased to report the very best third quarter in Caterpillar's history. Sales and revenues and profit per share were both records. Sales and revenues were just under $9 billion and profit was $667 million, or $0.94 per share. Sales and
Caterpillar Inc.	I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I am pleased to have our CEO, Doug Oberhelman and our Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp, with me on the call today.Just a reminder, this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Cat.com website and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.In addition, we will be
Caterpillar Inc.	and wrap up with a Q&A. Certain information we will be discussing is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is in a form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission today.Okay, let's start with the third quarter results. As you know, this morning, we reported third quarter sales and revenue of $7.65 billion and profits per share of $1.41. Sales and revenues were up $2.1 billion from third quarter 2003 with machinery up $1.45 billion and engines up $614 million. The increase in sales and revenues was driven by $1.83 billion
Caterpillar Inc.	full-year results. Doug will review our outlook. I'll give some specific guidance for 2005 and then we'll wrap up with the Q & A.Certain information we will be discussing is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those those uncertainties is in a form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission today.Before we get started, I wanted to clarify some confusion that exists relating to a difference between annual consensus in first call for 2004 compared with the fourth quarter consensus plus our September year-to-date results, which would total $5.83. The difference is due
Caterpillar Inc.	the prepared conference call remarks, you can go to the SEC filings in the investor section of our website where they are filed as an 8-K.You've likely noticed that we've changed our results release. We've moved the presentation of supplemental data to our website, tabularized some of the information, provided additional information on the outlook and added a question and answer section with answers to questions we thought you'd like to know. We hope you'll find these improvements helpful.This morning I'll cover our first quarter results and review our outlook. Jim Owens will comment on our outlook from a broader
Caterpillar Inc.	Oberhelman and our Group President and CFO Ed Rapp with me on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. Any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Caterpillar.com website. It will be in the area labeled Results Webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information.
Caterpillar Inc.	everyone and welcome to Caterpillar's second-quarter earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I am pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Doug Oberhelman, our Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp, be on the call today and because we will be discussing the Bucyrus acquisition, I am also pleased to have Steve Wunning with us today. Steve is our Group President that heads the Resource Industries business.The call today is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly
Caterpillar Inc.	portion of the call without our express written consent is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the investor section of our Caterpillar.com website and it will be in the section labeled results webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors that, either individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections, that can be found
Caterpillar Inc.	or recording or transmission of any portion of this call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited.If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Caterpillar.com website, and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.This morning, we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors that individually or in the aggregate could make actual results differ materially from our
Caterpillar Inc.	Jim Owens; Group President, Ed Rapp; and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the Investors section of our cat.com website or to the SEC's website where it will be filed today as an 8-K. In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be
Caterpillar Inc.	DEWALT, DIRECTOR OF IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much. Good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's year-end earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I'm pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens; our Vice Chairman and Chairman Elect, Doug Oberhelman; and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today.As always, this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you
Caterpillar Inc.	DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's first-quarter earnings conference call. I Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I am pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens; our Vice Chairman and Chairman Elect, Doug Oberhelman; and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to
Caterpillar Inc.	our CEO and Chairman-elect, Doug Oberhelman, and our Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp, with me on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the investor section of our cat.com website and it will be labeled in the section results webcast.In addition, we will be discussing forward-looking information today that involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause our actual
Caterpillar Inc.	our Group President and CFO Ed Rapp with me on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investor section of our Caterpillar.com website and it will be in a section labeled Results Webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information.
Caterpillar Inc.	and CFO, Brad Halverson. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited.If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our caterpillar.com website and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in
Caterpillar Inc.	without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you'd like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Caterpillar.com website, and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.Now, this morning, we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item
Caterpillar Inc.	This call is copywrited by Caterpillar Inc., and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written of the Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you'd like a call of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investor section of our cat.com website, or to the SEC's website, where it will be filed as an 8K. In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward looking and involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ
Caterpillar Inc.	our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens; our Group President, Ed Rapp; and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc., and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar Inc. is strictly prohibited.If you would like a copy of today's call transcript you can go to the SEC filings area of the investors section of our cat.com website, or to the SEC's website, where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of results that we
Caterpillar Inc.	is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our caterpillar.com website. It will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors that either individually or in the aggregate we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our
Caterpillar Inc.	If you'd like a copy of today's call transcript, we'll be posting it in the Investor section of our Caterpillar.com website, and it will be in the section labeled results webcast.This morning, we'll be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in the aggregate, we believe, could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with
Caterpillar Inc.	replacing Ed as Group President and CFO in January as Ed is transitioning over to be the Group President heading our construction industry's business.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Caterpillar.com website and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.This morning, there is no doubt we are going to be discussing forward-looking information that involves
Caterpillar Inc.	SEC filings area of the Investor Section of our cat.com website, or to the SEC's website where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our Form
Caterpillar Inc.	certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that, either individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections discussed here can be found in the cautionary statements under Item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22.Okay. Earlier this morning, we reported results for the first quarter of 2008 and the
Caterpillar Inc.	Relations and I am very pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens with us today; Group President, Ed Rapp; our CFO, Dave Burritt. We will all try to answer your questions today.Now this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investor section of our cat.com website or to the SEC's website where it will be filed as
Caterpillar Inc.	our Chairman and CEO Jim Owens, our Group President Ed Rapp, and our CFO Dave Burritt on the call with me today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript you can go to the SEC filings area of the Investor Section of our cat.com website, or you can go to the SEC's website where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of our
Caterpillar Inc.	we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause the actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or the aggregate we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, which is Business Risk Factors of our form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 2 of 2008.Okay. Earlier this morning we reported results for the second quarter of 2008. In addition to our normal quarterly release, we also filed
Caterpillar Inc.	by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript we will be posting it in the Investor section of our Caterpillar.com website and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. The discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate could make actual
Caterpillar Inc.	could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is also included in the Safe Harbor statement filed as an 8-K with the SEC today. Earlier this morning we reported record sales and record profit per share for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2006. For the quarter, sales and revenues were $11 billion and profit per share was $1.32.For the year, sales and revenues were $41.5 billion and profit per share was $5.17. For the full year, sales and revenues were up 14% and profit per share rose 28%. Before I review the comparisons with 2005, I
Caterpillar Inc.	and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors, individually or in the aggregate, that we believe could make our actual results differ materially from projections is discussed here and can be found in our cautionary statement under Item 1A of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 23.Before we get started on the quarter, just a reminder. We will be holding our 2007 analysts meeting with Jim Owens, our Chairman and CEO, this coming Monday afternoon in Munich, Germany, at Bauma.
Caterpillar Inc.	be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections is discussed there and can be found in our cautionary statements other item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC back on February 23, 2007.Okay, on to the results. Earlier this morning we reported our second-quarter. Sales and revenues were $11.356 billion and profit per share was
Caterpillar Inc.	and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make our actual results deliver materially from the projections discussed today can be found in our cautionary statement under item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our form 10-K filed with the SEC back on February 23, 2007.Okay, earlier this morning we reported third-quarter results. Sales and revenues were $11.442 billion and profit per share was $1.40. This was the best quarter for sales and revenues ever,
Celgene Corp.	in the company's filings with the SEC, or referred to in the press release issued this morning, could affect such results.Now I will briefly review the financial highlights of our fourth quarter and full year 2003 results, and also update you on our financial outlook for 2004. The results for the quarter and the full year were very strong. Total revenues for the full year of 2003 were a record $271.5 million, an increase of 100% over the same period 2002.Thalomid sales for the full year period were $223.7 million, compared to $119.1 million in 2002, an increase of 88%
Celgene Corp.	in these statements. In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission referred to in the press release issued this morning could affect such results.&nbsp;Now let me briefly review the financial highlights of our first quarter and update you on our financial outlook for the remainder of 2004. The results for the quarter were excellent. Total revenue for the quarter was $82.9 million, an increase of 69 percent compared to total revenue in the first quarter of 2003. Thalomid sales contributed significantly to this strong performance, increasing 52
Celgene Corp.	of our second quarter and update you on our outlook for the remainder of the year.The results for the quarter were outstanding. Total revenue for the second quarter was $87.8 million, an increase of over 30% compared to total revenue in the second quarter of 2003. Thalomid sales contributed significantly to this strong performance, increasing 36% over the year-ago quarter and almost 8% over first-quarter sales. Record Thalomid sales of $74.6 million, Alkeran sales of $3.1 million and $7 million in revenues from the Ritalin family of drugs also contributed to these superior results.During the quarter, we invested $38.6 million
Celgene Corp.	Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. The press release reporting our fourth quarter and year end financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning. It is also available on our corporate website.Dr. Barer will start the call with an overview of accomplishments and the strategic outlook for 2009 and beyond. I'll take you through our financial results from 2008 and our financial outlook for 2009, then Bob will review our operational and commercial results from 2008 and share with you his perspective on our operational and commercial prospects moving forward.Before we start, we
Celgene Corp.	I'd like to welcome you to Celgene's first quarter 2009 conference call. With me, are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. The press release reporting our first quarter financial operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate Website. In addition, today's conference call Webcast will include a Power Point presentation, which you can access by going to the Investor Relations section of our Website at Celgene.com. Sol will begin our call with a strategic perspective of 2009. I will then review our first quarter
Celgene Corp.	conference call over to Patrick Flanagan, Vice President of Investor Relations at Celgene.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP, IR, CELGENE CORP: Thanks, and welcome everyone to our second-quarter earnings conference call. The press release reporting our financial results, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section at the corporate website at www.celgene.com. Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Alles, who is Global Head of our Hematology and Oncology business, and the Global Head of
Celgene Corp.	of suppliers, including their solvency and ability to supply product, and other factors detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or referred to in the press release issued this morning.2005 was an extraordinary year; a transforming year for Celgene, culminated by the approval of REVLIMID in the last week of December. Our highest corporate priority for 2005 was the acceleration of key REVLIMID clinical and regulatory programs. The significance of the data produced in multiple major clinical trials and the subsequent FDA approval positions us favorably for the accomplishment of our key 2006 corporate objectives which are
Celgene Corp.	efficacy or an acceptable safety portfolio, actions by the FDA, the financial condition of suppliers, including their solvency and their ability to supply products and other factors detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or referred to in the press release issued this morning.Now, for the results. We're very pleased with the first quarter results announced this morning. Excellent progress was achieved across all business units of the Company, highlighted by the initial results from the launch of REVLIMID. Total revenue not quarter rose to nearly $182 million, a 62% increase over the year-ago quarter, and up
Celgene Corp.	including their solvency and ability to supply product and other factors detailed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or referred to in the press release issued this morning.We are very pleased with the second quarter results announced this morning. Excellent progress was achieved across all business units of the Company. Highlighted by FDA approvals for Revlimid and Thalomid in multiple myeloma. Let me first review the financial results and then Sol and I will provide our perspective. Total revenue for the quarter rose to more than $197 million, a 57% increase over the year-ago quarter excluding
Celgene Corp.	filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are referred to in the press release issued this morning. Let me now turn the call over to Sol.SOL BARER, CEO, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to review Celgene's progress in the third quarter. Indeed, it was a remarkable quarter for us. We achieved significant success as we advanced our corporate strategies and objectives on all fronts; research, clinical, regulatory, commercial, financial and international as well as continuing to attract from among the best in the biotech pharmaceutical industry as we build a major global biopharmaceutical
Celgene Corp.	referred to in the press release issued this morning.Now, I will briefly review the financial highlights for the second quarter. The results for the quarter were excellent. Total revenue in the second quarter was a record $145.7 million, an increase of 66% over the same quarter of last year. Product sales of $105.4 million contributed significantly to the strong performance in the quarter, increasing more than 33% over the year-ago quarter and approximately 8% over first-quarter sales.THALOMID revenue of $94.4 million reflects a nearly 27% increase over the year-ago quarter and approximately 7% gain over first-quarter sales.The results were also
Celgene Corp.	call. The press release reporting our third quarter financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate website. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a presentation which you can access by going to the investor relations section of our website at www.celegene.com. Joining me are Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hugin, our Chief Executive Officer, and Dr. Sol Barer, our Executive Chairman.Before we start, we want to remind you that our discussions during this conference call will include forward looking statements. All such forward looking statement include the effects
Celgene Corp.	these statements. In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified in the company's filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, referred to in the press release issued this morning, could affect such results.&nbsp;We're pleased to announce today that we have acquired all of the outstanding shares of Penn T, the U.K.-based manufacturer of THALOMID, from a consortium of investors for approximately $110 million in cash. This acquisition expands our corporate capabilities, and enables us to control manufacturing for THALOMID worldwide. Through manufacturing contracts acquired in this purchase, we significantly increased our participation in the potential growth of
Celgene Corp.	financial outlook.&nbsp;Before we begin, I will review our Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as estimates and projections, which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission were referred to in the press release issued this morning could affect such results.Now, I
Celgene Corp.	with the Securities and Exchange Commission or referred to in the press release issued this morning, could affect such results.&nbsp;Now let me briefly review the financial highlights of the first quarter. The results for the quarter were very strong. Total revenue for 2005 in the first quarter was a record $112.4 million, an increase of approximately 36% of the same quarter last year . Thalomid&reg; sales of $88.4 million contributed significantly to the strong performance in the quarter, Increasing nearly 28% over the year ago quarter and approximately 3% over fourth quarter sales. Approximately $18 million of revenue from Alkeran&reg;
Celgene Corp.	like to welcome you to Celgene's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. The Press Release reporting our first quarter 2011 financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning, and is also available on our Corporate website. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a presentation which you can access by going to the Investor Relations section of our website at www.celgene.com. Joining me are Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer, and Bob Hugin, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we start, we want to remind you our discussions will contain Forward-looking statements.Our actual results, performance or achievements could be materially
Celgene Corp.	you for standing by, and welcome to the second-quarter 2011 Celgene Corp. earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;Now I will turn the program over to Brian Gill, Vice President of Corporate Communications for Celgene. Sir, the floor is yours.BRIAN GILL, VP CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome you to Celgene's second-quarter conference call.The press release reporting our second-quarter 2011 financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate website. Our conference-call webcast will include a presentation, which
Celgene Corp.	Investor Relations section of the corporate website at www.celgene.com.Joining me in the room today are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Alles, who is our Chief Commercial Officer.As a reminder, during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook, in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent 10-K on file with the SEC. These statements speak
Celgene Corp.	addition to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the investor relations section of the corporate website at www.Celgene.com. Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer and Mark Alles, who is our Chief Commercial Officer.As a reminder, during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook, in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of
Celgene Corp.	and is also available on our corporate website. In addition, today's conference call/webcast will include a presentation, which you can access by going to the Investor Relations section of our website at Celgene.com. Dr. Barer will start the call with an overview of accomplishments and strategic outlook for 2010 and beyond. I'll take you through our financial results for 2009 and our financial outlook for 2010. Then Bob will review our operational and commercial results for 2009 and share with you his perspective on our operational and commercial prospects moving forward.Before we start, we want to remind you that our
Celgene Corp.	had the privilege of working with a superb management team and exceptional people. Together we built a remarkable global company with extraordinary financial research and development, commercial and operational results and prospects.Indeed, one the fastest growing biopharmaceutical company, one of the fastest growing companies in the S&P 500. I'm most proud that we develop products that profoundly affect the lives of seriously ill patients around the world. After decades at Celgene, I have decided that it is time for me to start phasing out of my responsibilities towards retirement. I am transitioning from my position as Chief Executive Officer at
Celgene Corp.	had the privilege of working with a superb management team and exceptional people. Together we built a remarkable global company with extraordinary financial research and development, commercial and operational results and prospects.Indeed, one the fastest growing biopharmaceutical company, one of the fastest growing companies in the S&P 500. I'm most proud that we develop products that profoundly affect the lives of seriously ill patients around the world. After decades at Celgene, I have decided that it is time for me to start phasing out of my responsibilities towards retirement. I am transitioning from my position as Chief Executive Officer at
Celgene Corp.	had the privilege of working with a superb management team and exceptional people. Together we built a remarkable global company with extraordinary financial research and development, commercial and operational results and prospects.Indeed, one the fastest growing biopharmaceutical company, one of the fastest growing companies in the S&P 500. I'm most proud that we develop products that profoundly affect the lives of seriously ill patients around the world. After decades at Celgene, I have decided that it is time for me to start phasing out of my responsibilities towards retirement. I am transitioning from my position as Chief Executive Officer at
Celgene Corp.	like to welcome you to Celgene's Second Quarter conference call. The press release reporting our operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate website. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a presentation which you can access by going to the Investor Relations section of our website at www.Celgene.com. Joining me this morning are David Gryska, our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hugin, our Chief Executive Officer and Dr. Sol Barer, our Executive Chairman.Before we start, we want to remind you that our discussions during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. All such
Celgene Corp.	host for today's conference, Tim Smith, Director of Investor Relations.&nbsp;TIM SMITH, DIRECTOR OF IR, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome you to Celgene's fourth quarter 2010 conference call. The press release reporting our fourth quarter 2010 financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate website. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a presentation which you can access by going to the investor relations section of our website at www.celgene.com.Joining me in the room today are Dr. Jean-Pierre Bizzari, Senior Vice President Clinical Development Oncology. Mark Alles,
Celgene Corp.	to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the investor relations section of the corporate website at www.Celgene.com.Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Alles, who is Global Head of our hematology and oncology business.As a reminder, during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook, in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A
Celgene Corp.	President of Investor Relations at Celgene.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP, IR, CELGENE CORP: Thanks, Sean, and welcome everyone to our First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The press release reporting our financial results, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the corporate web site at www.Celgene.com. Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Alles, who is our Global Head of Hematology Oncology.As a reminder, during today's call we will be making forward-looking
Celgene Corp.	this morning and is also available on our corporate website. Sol will start the call today with a strategic overview, then I'll take you through our financial results and outlook for 2008. Bob will then review our operational and commercial results for the third quarter, and give you his global perspective on the remainder of the year.Before we start, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27-A of the Securities Act of 1933 and within the meaning of 21-E of the Securities Act of 1934.
Celgene Corp.	ahead, sir.DAVID GRYSKA, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to welcome you to Celgene's second quarter 2009 conference call. With me are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin.The press release reporting our second quarter financial operating results was issued earlier this morning. It is also available on our corporate website. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a PowerPoint presentation which you can access by going to the investor relations section of our website
Celgene Corp.	The press release reporting our third quarter financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning, and is also available on our corporate web site. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a presentation which you can access by going to the Investor Relations section of our website at Celgene.com. Sol will begin our call today with a strategic perspective on 2009. I will then review our third quarter results, and Bob will wrap up by discussing our operational and commercial results for the quarter.Before we start, we want to remind you that our discussion during this conference call
Celgene Corp.	accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the corporate website located at www.celgene.com.As a reminder, during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent 10-Q on file with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date, and we undertake no duty to update or revise them.Finally, reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the
Celgene Corp.	Patrick Flanigan, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP - IR, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thanks, Ellie, and welcome, everyone to Celgene Corporation's fourth-quarter and year-end 2011 earnings conference call. The press releases reporting our financial results and announcing the acquisition of Avila Therapeutics, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the investor relations section of the corporate website at www.Celgene.com.Joining me in the room today are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Alles, who is our Chief Commercial Officer.As a reminder, during
Celgene Corp.	earnings conference call. A press release reporting our financial results, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the corporate website at www.Celgene.com.Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Alles, who is our Chief Commercial Officer.As a reminder, during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that make may
Celgene Corp.	or made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.&nbsp;Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance and achievements to be materially different from the results, performance, or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our product failure to demonstrate efficacy, or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the financial conditions of suppliers, including their solvency and ability to supply product and other factors detailed in
Celgene Corp.	results was issued earlier this morning, and is also available on our corporate website.I will start the call by reviewing our first quarter results, then I will provide insight into the progress of our acquisition. I will end by sharing our financial outlook for 2008. Bob will then review our operational and commercial results for the first quarter, and give you the outlook for the rest of 2008. Sol will then conclude our session with a strategic perspective on 2008 and beyond.Before we start, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking,
Celgene Corp.	beyond.&nbsp;Before we start, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking, or made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties, and other factors not under our control, may cause actual results, performance, and achievements, to be materially different, from the results performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements.These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our products' failure to demonstrate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the
Celgene Corp.	and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate web site. I'll start the call by sharing our second quarter results. Then I'll take you through our financial outlook for 2008. Bob will then review our operational and commercial results for the second quarter and give the outlook for the rest of the year. Sol will then conclude with a strategic perspective on 2008 and beyond.Before we start, we wanted to remind that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act
Celgene Corp.	made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and within the meaning of Section 21 E-of the Securities Act of 1934. Certain forward-looking statements, which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations applied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, research and activities, our products failing to demonstrate efficacy or acceptable safety profile,
Celgene Corp.	VP OF IR, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thanks, Stephanie, and welcome everyone to our third-quarter earnings conference call. The press release reporting our financial results in addition to the presentation for today's webcast can be accessed by going to the investor relations section of the corporate website at www.celgene.com. Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; Mark Alles, who is Global Head of our Hematology and Oncology franchise, and the Global Head of our Information and Immunology franchise, Scott Smith.As a reminder, during today's call
Celgene Corp.	and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance, achievements to be materially different from the results, performance, or other expectations implied by these forward looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our product failure to demonstrate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the financial condition of suppliers, including their solvency and ability to supply product, and other factors detailed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or referred to in the press release issued this morning.Now I'll take
Celgene Corp.	we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward looking or made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties, and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance achievements, to be materially different from the results, performance, or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our product failure to demonstrate efficacy, or an acceptable safety profile actions by
Celgene Corp.	the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance, achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the result of current or pending clinical trials, our product failure to demonstrate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the clinical condition of suppliers including their solvency and ability to supply product and other factors detailed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
Celgene Corp.	this call may be forward-looking or made pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties, and other factors, not under our control may cause actual results, performance, achievements to be materially different from the results, performance and other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the result of current or pending clinical trials, our products failure to demonstrate efficacy, or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the clinical conditions of suppliers including their solvency and ability to supply product and
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	Welcome to the 2008 annual report announcement for the Company. Joining me today is Mr. Yang Hua who has been recently appointed as the President of the Company. I would like to take this opportunity to welcome him on board. Given his extensive experience and valuable insight I strongly believe that he will make a great contribution to the Company.2008 was a volatile year for the oil industry, as well as a challenging year for our Company. In this year, many achievements were made. Many difficulties were overcome. Our production reached 195.4 million BOE, representing a strong growth of 14%
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	new discoveries and five successful appraisals, OML130, Bozhong 28-2S, and Panyu 30-1 came on stream in Q1. Major development projects have been proceeding on track.Our financial achievements in 2009 Q1 are as follows -- our total revenue was RMB13.95 billion, a 41.9% year-over-year decrease from the same period in 2008. This is, as you know, mainly due to lower oil price. Our total CapEx invested was RMB7.5 billion, a 23.1% year-over-year increase, mainly due to new project development.Influenced by low international oil prices, our average realized oil price in Q1 decreased to $41.56 per barrel, down 53.2% year-over-year. Our total
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	We signed a PSC for Block S in Equatorial Guinea and farmed into the Outer Browse Basin offshore Australia. Early this month, we also completed the acquisition our stake in large offshore Nigeria block, OML130.Moving on to next page, our total production in Q1 increased by 9.5% year-over-year, mainly due to strong production growth in Bohai Bay. For offshore China, our oil and gas production increased even more by approximately 11% year-over-year. The field contributing to this growth, including the Bohai Bay field, are the Suizhong 36-1, Jinzhou 9-3, [AOD] field, Bonan field. And also Eastern South China Sea fields
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	Realized oil price was $61.78 per barrel for this quarter.Now, page three. The third quarter 2006 oil production reached 459,460 barrel oil equivalent per day, an increase of 7.5% from the same period last year.Production from Eastern South China Sea strongly increased, mainly due to some better performing fields, for example Lufeng13-2. The performance was actually better than expected but I have also provided you the production loss from Liwan. When the first typhoon was coming and when the production was stopped, the daily production for Liwan was 22,000 barrels per day.On next page we achieved strong financial growth for
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	pleased to share with you the results for 2009. Without further ado, I would -- Fu, do you want to speak or --? Okay, Mr. Yang will now go straight into the results. Mr. Yang, please.YANG HUA, PRESIDENT AND CFO, CHINA NATIONAL OFFSHORE OIL CORPORATION: Thank you, Chris. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to 2009 annual results announcement for CNOOC Limited. As you know, I'm Yang Hua. Joining me; my Chairman and my Chief Compliance Officer. Now, today we will take you through the operating and the financial results for the full-year 2009.Our production reached 227.7 million boe, representing
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	year-over-year increase 31.2%.&nbsp;For the first nine months of the 2005 oil and gas revenue increased by 44.8% from same period last year, to RMB39.4b. Our realized oil price for this quarter was $52.4 per barrel.Moving on to page three, third quarter 2005 oil production rates at 427,414 barrel oil equivalent per day. An increase of 5.6% from same period last year. Production volume from Bohai Bay increased by approximately 40% due to commencement of Luda LD 10-1 and LD 4-2 fields.Our gas production in Indonesia was also up notably, due to high lifting volume from ONWJ, Offshore North West Java
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	- CFO [2] -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our discussion of the CNOOC Limited first half 2008 results. As you know, I am Yang Hua, the CFO with CNOOC Limited. It's my pleasure to meet everyone again. In today's meeting we will highlight our performance in the first half of 2008, and we are now more than halfway through the year, and are very pleased with our results, to date. In the first half of 2008, we set another record of net profit. The remarkable results are achieved through not only the strong oil price, which have
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	highlight our performance in the first half of 2008, and we are now more than halfway through the year, and are very pleased with our results, to date.In the first half of 2008, we set another record of net profit. The remarkable results are achieved through not only the strong oil price, which have generally benefited the industry, more importantly, but also, our continued efforts in cost control and production volume growth. I'm proud that we have been able to capture the high oil price environment.Before we start, please allow me to draw your attention to the forward-looking statements. Let's
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	we had 11 successful exploration wells with four wildcats and seven appraisals. Our net production was 549,589 barrel oil equivalent per day, which represents strong increase of 15.2% over the same period last year. Offshore China production was 480,857 BOE per day, representing 87.5% of our total net production.In the third quarter two of our major projects Wenchang oil fields and Platform B of Penglai 19-3 Phase II came onstream. Oil and gas revenue in the third quarter reached RMB30.5b, jumped 67.9% year over year. For the first nine months of 2008 oil and gas revenue was RMB85b, up 65.3%
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	the first half.YANG HUA, PRESIDENT AND CFO, CHINA NATIONAL OFFSHORE OIL CORPORATION: Thank you [Chris]. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to CNOOC Limited's first-half 2009 results briefing. It's my pleasure to meet everyone again. In today's meeting we will highlight our performance in the first half 2009. As we expected, due to the tumbling oil price and tough macro-environment, 2009 is a year full of challenge. However, through all CNOOC people's efforts we have successfully dealt with the challenges, complied with our strategy and delivered a strong result in first half 2009. Our full year target is well on
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	Ledong AOD 22-1/15-1, successfully came on stream.Our financial achievements in 2009, Q3 are as follows. The Q3 oil and gas revenues was RMB23.61 billion, a 22.6% year-over-year decrease from same period in 2008. This is mainly due to the low oil price, as all you know.Nine months oil and gas revenue was RMB56.13 billion, down 33.9% year-over-year.Our realized oil price in Q3 was $67.83 per barrel, down 36.6% year-over-year, but an increase of 37.4% from the first half of 2009, generally the same as international oil price, as all you know.Our net production in the third quarter strongly increased by
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	announcement for CNOOC Limited. 2006 was a great year for our company; many achievements was made over the past year. Thanks to the strong commodity price and increased production volume our profit hit another record high. We continue to maintain our competitive cost structure and deliver extraordinary returns to our shareholders. Our strong performance is derived from our solid and smooth operation.Now let's try to look at some details; you all can read that page. Now let's look at some detail. Our presentation will be delivered in five parts, and we will be starting with a brief overview and then
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	continue to see stable production growth. The net production was 85.4 million barrel oil equivalent representing 4.5% growth year-over-year. The production volume exceeding our expectation we are very happily reporting.On the exploration front it was also very encouraging with a total seven commercial discovery, in particular Jinzhou 25-1 discovery is a significant one and is expected to be developed into a large light oil field in Bohai Bay. We have also completely completed eight appraisal wells. We are very pleased that in the first half 2007 Liuhua 11-1 restarted production temporarily. The oil field are currently producing 23,000 barrels a
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	of 0.3% from the same period last year. Overseas oil production increased 19.6%, mainly due to more production from North West Shelf Project in Australia. Our production from Bohai Bay, Western South China Sea and Eastern South China Sea maintained slightly increased, mainly due to the out-performance of the oil field, which [were on strength] in the past few years. Our production from Eastern South China Sea increased due to some oil fields, including [Jinxian], 24-3, (inaudible) 13-1 and 13-2. Suspended production for maintenance, as we discussed in H1 2007 results release.Strong growth of the gas production continued in Q3
Colgate-Palmolive	are good, as well. On our last conference call, Reuben referred to some degree of loss of focus we briefly experienced here in the U.S. As I am sure he will tell you himself, we all strongly believe the focus is firmly back where it had been and should be. He also reiterated confidence in our basic business fundamentals around the world, and this is born out by both our finish to the year and expectations for 2004. As we have done consistently year in and your out, we have made extra investments in the parts of the world that
Colgate-Palmolive	last year in the growth markets, Latin America, Eastern Europe and Russia and Asia-Pacific has continued into the first quarter, and our Hill's business remains very solid.&nbsp;You all know about the difficult comparisons we faced in the first half of 2004 as a result of the strong sales of Simply White Tooth Whitening Gel here in the U.S. in the year ago period. I think you'll see that even when that difficult comparison our global business is growing nicely, so let's look more specifically at the P&L. Worldwide sales increased 7%. Excluding divestment sales increased 8% on a volume increase
Colgate-Palmolive	improvement has provided funds for increased business building marketing support behind new and existing products. Our acquisition of the GABA Oral Care business in Europe is complete. Our global strategic focus in the high margin businesses of oral and personal care while simultaneously methodically divesting our lowest margin detergent business, region by region is serving us well.In the quarter and first half, our toothpaste and personal care volume increases were solid and as per our strategic intent, higher than the company as a whole. We expect this to continue going forward. We feel strongly that our proven business model and
Colgate-Palmolive	me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Ed Phillips Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from those statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our annual report on 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the caption Risk Factors and
Colgate-Palmolive	welcome to our first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Ed Phillips, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guaranteed to future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our annual report on 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our
Colgate-Palmolive	this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions,
Colgate-Palmolive	results excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our Website at www.Colgate.com.During the Q&A we will answer any specific questions including or excluding these items as you may wish. We are delighted with this quarters results, which show a strong finish to the year and set the stage for another good year in 2006. It is a strong P&L with all the ratios moving in the right direction. Our financial strategy, with which you are very familiar, is back on track. Soft line sales in unit volume are up, gross
Colgate-Palmolive	excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com.We're delighted to report what we think is a very strong quarter, one which set first quarter records on virtually every line of the P&L, sales, gross profit margins, advertising levels, operating profits and earnings per share. Unit volume was strong across all our operating units and particularly impressive on a worldwide basis when compared with the really excellent volume quarter a year ago. This healthy sales growth coupled with a strong growth margin increase and a tight control on
Colgate-Palmolive	items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our Web site at www.Colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude comparable charges.We're very pleased with the strong quarter which was detailed in this morning's press release. I will spend just a few moments on some highlights overall and then review the divisions. But before we turn it over to Q&A, Ian Cook would like to make a few remarks concerning our outlook going forward.Good volume growth across all divisions was supported by strong increases in advertising. Advertising was up absolutely and as a percent
Colgate-Palmolive	release and posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude comparable charges. During the Q&A, we will answer any questions including or excluding these items, as you may wish.We are indeed pleased with our results for the third quarter of 2006. Clearly, the momentum that we had seen in the first half of this year has continued. Evidence of that can be seen in our strong sales growth, as well as strong unit volume growth in all divisions. Excellent gross profit growth of 140 basis points ahead of our targeted range,
Colgate-Palmolive	to review with you our second quarter earnings and the strong resurgence in our business. As we said in the press release, we had record top line results and our unit value is strong across all operating units. Worldwide new products have played an important role and their launches have been supported by vigorous business building efforts.Market shares are healthy and growing in our full focus categories, both our ongoing savings programs and our restructuring programs are proceeding as planned. And we look forward to generating even more savings as we move to the second half of the year.Let's look
Colgate-Palmolive	live at www.colgate.com.&nbsp;Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer sessions begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Good morning, and welcome everybody. With me is Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call call include forward-looking statements. And these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions at this time,
Colgate-Palmolive	have come at a cost to short term profits. You also know that raw and packing material prices have increased essentially to the levels we envisioned when we talked to you last. We have offset a great deal of these increases with our many savings programs which are functioning well. Historically we have been able to more than offset cost increases with our cost reduction. With a substantial amount left over to fund increases in commercial spending.In the very short term, the combination of extra spending and increased costs cannot be completely funded by our existing programs. And as you
Colgate-Palmolive	Most importantly, market shares are growing in the key countries we have identified as critical to our future growth. Our restructuring and business building program announced in December is well underway and should begin to deliver important savings throughout 2005 and beyond.Our remarks this morning will refer to our results excluding the previously-announced restructuring charge of $48 million after tax. Which was included in our numbers as reported in the press release and accompanying financial information. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding the restructuring charges is included with the press release and posted on the Investor
Colgate-Palmolive	will answer any specific questions, including or excluding the restructuring, as you may wish.All of us are delighted the year has started out well, and I'd like to reflect just for a moment on why we are encouraged.As you know, we and other consumer products companies are operating in a tough environment. It's highly competitive around the world, and raw and packing material costs are sharply up. This makes the dual task of simultaneously spending to improve market shares while delivering our profit goals even more important than normally is. So we're pleased that we've been able to do that
Colgate-Palmolive	www.Colgate.com.&nbsp;Just as a reminder, there will be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session will begin, due to be the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, SVP IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. With me today are Ian Cook, Chairman, President, and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on
Colgate-Palmolive	be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, SVP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE CO.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everybody and welcome to our second-quarter 2011 conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. And these statements are made on the basis of our
Colgate-Palmolive	ahead.BINA THOMPSON, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE CO: Thanks, Ann. Good morning and welcome to our First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO, Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Corporate Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual
Colgate-Palmolive	CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements.For information about certain factors that could cause such differences investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the caption Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-Looking Statements.We
Colgate-Palmolive	in the press release and posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.Colgate.com. Obviously during the Q&A we will answer any specific questions including or excluding these items as you may wish.So we're delighted to report what we think is an excellent quarter with record sales, record profits, and unusual momentum. The business building plans we've put in place and have described to you in previous quarters are clearly producing results. Our top line continues to increase through internal growth with every division delivering strong volume growth and increased operating profit. The combination of our restructuring program
Colgate-Palmolive	ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, VP - IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you [Berlise], and good morning everybody. And welcome to our fourth quarter earning release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President, and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, who has been elected Treasurer, effective February 1.This conference call will include forward- looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could
Colgate-Palmolive	IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Bina and good morning everybody and welcome to our first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Elaine Pace, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time reason not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investor shows consult our most recent annual report on Form
Colgate-Palmolive	IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Bina and good morning everybody and welcome to our first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Elaine Pace, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time reason not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investor shows consult our most recent annual report on Form
Colgate-Palmolive	remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, David, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our second quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, Steve Patrick CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may
Colgate-Palmolive	recorded and is being a live -- simulcast live at www.colgate.com.&nbsp;Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the live simulcast.At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of -- Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson.Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, SVP - IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY: Thank you, Katy. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth-quarter and full-year 2010 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, Vice Chairman;
Colgate-Palmolive	Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth-quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange
Colgate-Palmolive	Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, SVP - IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE CO: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter 2013 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, Dennis Hickey, CFO, Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller, and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So, for information about certain factors that could
Colgate-Palmolive	ahead.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Duane. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our second quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results for the second quarter and the first half this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first six months of 2007. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results, excluding the restructuring charges and other items in the second quarter 2007, are included
Colgate-Palmolive	the Q&A we will answer any questions including or excluding these items, as you wish.&nbsp;We are very pleased with our second quarter results. Sales, operating profits, advertising spends, net incomes, and EPS were all at record levels. As Ian said in the press release, every region contributed to our solid performance. The strong momentum we have seen in the fast growing areas of the world, Latin America and greater Asia/Africa, continues, and we see no signs of a significant slow down in either one. Even in markets where the economic conditions are difficult, such as North America and western Europe,
Colgate-Palmolive	conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Phillips, Treasurer. We'll discuss our results and expectations excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first nine months of 2007. And in addition, we will also discuss organic sales growth, which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation of these measures with their corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and the Company's financial statements, and is posted on the Investor Relations page
Colgate-Palmolive	Please go ahead, Ma'am.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, good morning. Welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements and thee statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences investors should consult our annual report on
Colgate-Palmolive	the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time reason and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements.For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our annual report on Form 10K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and available on our website including the information set forth under the captions risk factors and cautionary statements on forward-looking statements. And during the call, we will discuss organic sales growth, which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisition and divestitures; and we will
Colgate-Palmolive	and good morning everybody, and welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman President and CEO, Dennis Hickey, CFO, Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller, and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and the statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance.Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the
Colgate-Palmolive	of the one-time item described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.colgate.com.We are very pleased with our fourth-quarter results given the turbulent year just finished. The good momentum in our organic sales throughout the year is encouraging as we enter 2012. The challenge, as you know, has been to balance volume and price and we have met that challenge. Our market shares are strong and growing and you will hear more detail by division in a
Colgate-Palmolive	Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, SVP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE CO: Thanks, Brian. Let me add my welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President, and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements and these statements are made on the basis and views of assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult
Colgate-Palmolive	Please go ahead.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results of the fourth quarter this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, and the fourth quarter 2006 gain on the sale of the company's household bleach business in Canada. The reported GAAP results with reconciliations to the results excluding the restructuring charges and the prior-year gain on the sale of
Colgate-Palmolive	about expectations will also exclude restructuring charges and during the Q&A, we will answer any questions including or excluding these items as you may wish.We are very pleased with our earnings results, which yet again demonstrate the effectiveness of our global strategy with which you are all familiar. Getting closer to the customer, consumer, and [concession], being effective and efficient in everything we do, leading with innovation, and developing our leadership team around the world. We yet again achieved our goals of strong volume growth, solid gross margin improvement and meaningful increases in advertising while still delivering double digit earnings
Colgate-Palmolive	or excluding these items, as you wish.&nbsp;We were very pleased with our first quarter results particularly given some of the external pressures that both we and our competition have been facing, the slowdown in the U.S. economy and worldwide increases in raw material and commodity costs. We continue to see that our global strategies, with which you are all familiar, are working. Getting closer to the consumer, our customer, and the profession, efficiency in everything we do, innovation everywhere and a focus on developing the leaders of today and more importantly tomorrow. We are delighted that a very strong top
Colgate-Palmolive	conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results for the first quarter this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first quarter for 2007. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding the restructuring charges and other items in the first quarter of 2007 are included in the press release and the Company's financial statements and are posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about
Colgate-Palmolive	conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So, for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the
Colgate-Palmolive	in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results with reconciliations to the results excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude comparable charges. And during the Q&A, we will answer any questions, including or excluding these items, as you may wish.Well, we're certainly delighted with our above expectation fouth quarter results. Great finish to a strong year. And as we cover the numbers in considerable detail in the press release, I won't spend much time on
Colgate-Palmolive	loss carry-forward valuation allowance in Brazil following the successful development in the quarter of the previously disclosed legal and tax contingencies the country. These items were included in the reported numbers contained in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The report GAAP results with reconciliations to the results excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude these and comparable items. And during the Q&A, we will answer any questions, including or excluding these items as you may wish.Naturally we're
Colgate-Palmolive	you may wish.&nbsp;We're certainly pleased with our results for the second quarter. It is clear that our global strategy of winning on the ground is being successfully implemented. Our restructuring and business building program is on track. The savings generated from that program combined with our ongoing Funding the Growth Program are allowing us to support our business with meaningful advertising increases in every region of the world. In addition, we are beginning to see the benefits from our global implementation of Colgate Business Planning in the form of both volume and margin. As a result, in the quarter excellent
Colgate-Palmolive	discuss the results for the third quarter this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, $36.3 million after-tax, and a $10 million noncash after-tax pension charge under SFAS 88. As a result of lump sum payments of normal retirement benefits associated with the nonqualified retirement plan in the U.S. The reported GAAP results and reconciliations to the results excluding the restructuring and pension charges are included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and are posted on the Investor Relations page of our Web site at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude restructuring charges, and during
ConocoPhillips	our prepared remarks, we will make forward looking statements. Actual results may be materially different from the statements we make today. And a list of items that could cause these potential changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC.So with that said, I'd like to introduce the President and CEO of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, PRESIDENT & CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Clayton, thank you, and I welcome everyone calling in and participating in our first-quarter conference call.I'm on page 3 of the slides. And as you look on page 3, as you can see, we're off to a
ConocoPhillips	me today are Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Carrig, our President and Chief Operating Officer; as well as Sig Cornelius, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will be taking you through our presentation today that's been prepared and intended to help you with your understanding of our financial and operating performance in the fourth quarter of '08. This presentation along with other information regarding the fourth-quarter performance can be found on our website, ConocoPhillips.com.Now if you'll turn to page two, you will find our Safe Harbor statement, which simply says that forward-looking
ConocoPhillips	give us a call anytime you need to get answers to your questions.Today we'll be discussing our first-quarter results for 2009 and joining me is John Carrig, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Sig Cornelius, our Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. This presentation, along with other information regarding the quarter performance, is on our website. You can find it at ConocoPhillips.com.On page 2 you'll find our Safe Harbor statement, it's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements in our presentation and the conference call and actual results may differ materially. Our SEC filings contain information on the
ConocoPhillips	Production. It's a very busy day for earnings activity. I know all of you are pressed for time, so we're going to jump right into the material today. Really quickly before we get started, if you would please, turn to page 2, you'll see our Safe Harbor statement. That of course describes the risks and uncertainties in our future performance. Those are all described in our periodic filings with the SEC. I'm going to turn the call over to Ryan now.RYAN LANCE, CEO & CHAIRMAN, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Ellen, and good afternoon everybody, and thank you for joining us today.
ConocoPhillips	changes to occur in our filings with the SEC.&nbsp;At this time, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS COMPANY: Gary, thank you and good morning. I appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call and taking an interest in our company.I am going to start on slide number three, titled &quot;Highlights.&quot; You can see from the highlights the Company had another strong quarter. It generated 3.8 billion in income from continuing operations. This is about 100 million higher than our net income, because of
ConocoPhillips	of the time will be available for your questions. On Page 2, you can read the Safe Harbor statement, which says among other things that our presentation today along with our responses to your questions will include forward-looking statements regarding our current expectations. Actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. You can find a list of those items that could cause material differences between our current expectations and actual results in our filings with the SEC. Now I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN
ConocoPhillips	along with responses to your questions, will include forward-looking statements about our current expectations. Our actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. You can find a list of the items that may cause material differences between our current expectations and what actual results will be -- can be found on our filings with the SEC. So now I'll turn the call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you and I appreciate all those who have called in for our second-quarter earnings conference call. I appreciate your interest in our company. And I'm going
ConocoPhillips	actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. You can find a list of the items that could cause material differences in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Okay, Gary. Thank you and appreciate all those who are joining us on this conference call. I am going to start my comments on slide or page number 3 which is the highlights of our third quarter. You can see for the third quarter, we generated $3.9 billion in net income,
ConocoPhillips	this quarter's results and can be found on our Web site, Conoco-Phillips.com.Looking at Page 2, you can see and read our Safe Harbor statement. It says, among other things, that, in response to your questions and in our prepared remarks, we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those we expect today. A list of the items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC.With that said, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCO-PHILLIPS: Clayton, thank you
ConocoPhillips	call. I'm joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, and this morning we'll be discussing third-quarter results and also provide an update on the status of our strategic initiatives.A summary of our key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. And as in the past, you'll find our presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website.Before we get started I'd like you to look at the Safe Harbor statement on slide 2; it's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the
ConocoPhillips	in response to questions and in our prepared remarks we will make forward-looking statements. Actual results may materially be different from those we expect today. And a list of items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC. With that said, I'd like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Clayton, thank you, and good morning and welcome all those participating in the Company's third quarter conference call. I am going to move right to the third slide
ConocoPhillips	those we expect today. A list of items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC. So, that said, I would like to turn it over to the Chairman and CEO of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Clayton, thank you. I also want to welcome all those who are participating in our fourth-quarter conference call and taking the interest in our Company. What I'd like to do is go immediately to page 3 of the slides that have been already sent out. My comments relating to page 3 I
ConocoPhillips	read our Safe Harbor statement. It says, among other things, that in response to your questions and in our prepared remarks, we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those we expect today. And a list of the items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC.With that said, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Clayton, thank you. And I would like to welcome all those who are participating in this conference call regarding our first-quarter
ConocoPhillips	Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for your interest in ConocoPhillips. We're here to talk about our first-quarter 2011 results. I am joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.This morning, we will provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the first quarter, as well as our outlook for 2011. As in the past, you can find our presentation materials on the Investor Relations section of ConocoPhillips' website.Before we get started, I would like you to take a look at the safe harbor statement we've got on slide 2. And
ConocoPhillips	summary of our key financial and operating results for the second quarter as well as an outlook for the remainder of 2011. We will also provide you with a brief update on the repositioning of ConocoPhillips as two separate leading energy companies as we announced two weeks ago.You can find our presentation material in the Investor Relations section of the ConocoPhillips website.Before we get started I would like to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement that we have shown on the next slide. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and
ConocoPhillips	2012. I am joined by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As in the past, you can find our presentation material on the Investor Relations section of the ConocoPhillips website. And in addition, you can also find some presentation material that we have recently put out on each of the standalone companies -- ConocoPhillips and Phillips 66.Please read the Safe Harbor statement on the bottom of this slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. And
ConocoPhillips	two gentlemen, let them make a few administrative comments.First of all, you'll notice we have provided a lot of new information with today's disclosure; and, of course, that is to help you understand the business better. We've provided segment data on each of our regions in addition to some data on our corporate segment. And I just want to let people know Vladimir and I will be available after the call to help you sort through those details as needed. In addition I want to remind you that our presentation materials for the call today can be found on our
ConocoPhillips	Statement. It says, among other things, that in response to your questions and in our prepared remarks we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those we expect today. A list of items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC.With that said, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you. And I also want to thank everyone for joining us today on our third-quarter earnings conference call. We always appreciate your
ConocoPhillips	and Chief Executive Officer, and John Carrig, Executive Vice President of Finance and our CFO, are here with me today. Jim is going to be taking you through a presentation that we believe will help you understand more fully the financial and operating performance of the Company during the first quarter of this year. The presentation, as always, you can find on our website, www.ConocoPhillips.com. If you please turn to page 2, our normal cautionary statement, basically says that during the presentation this morning and in answering your questions, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on our
ConocoPhillips	ConocoPhillips' second-quarter conference call. Joining me this morning is our Senior Vice President of Finance and CFO, Sig Cornelius. Earlier this morning, we issued our earnings press release, an updated supplemental information package and posted the slides we will be using on this teleconference. You can find this information on our Website. You may have noticed that we made some changes from what we've shared over the past several years regarding the content of our earnings release and the conference call slides. These changes were made with the intent to be more consistent with our SEC filings without reducing the
ConocoPhillips	this morning's call with Sig covering our third-quarter results and sharing progress toward meeting our 2009 objectives. And following Sig's remarks, Jim Mulva will provide his thoughts and perspectives regarding our plans to enhance returns and strengthen our financial position through asset sales and modifications to our 2010 capital budget. After Jim's comments, we will open the phone lines to take your questions. But before I turn the call over to Sig, I need to direct your attention to the Safe Harbor statement we provided on page two. This is a reminder that we will make forward-looking statements as part
ConocoPhillips	presentation material.Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our Safe Harbor statement, which is on page two, which is a reminder that I will be making forward-looking statements as part of the presentation and the Q&A and that actual results may be materially different.So I'm going to move to slide three, which provides a summary of our fourth-quarter results and business highlights. Adjusted earnings for the quarter were $1.7 billion, or $1.16 per share, generating cash from operations of $5.1 billion. We ended the quarter with debt of $28.7 billion, resulting in debt-to-cap ratio of 31%,
ConocoPhillips	and CEO, and this morning we will be discussing the Company's first-quarter results and status on the strategic initiatives we shared at our March 24 analyst day.A summary of key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. As in the past you can find the presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website. In addition to the presentation material, we plan to use our website to provide information that was part of our quarterly interim update prior to discontinuing its issuance earlier this year.Please refer
ConocoPhillips	and CEO, and this morning we will be discussing the Company's first-quarter results and status on the strategic initiatives we shared at our March 24 analyst day.A summary of key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. As in the past you can find the presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website. In addition to the presentation material, we plan to use our website to provide information that was part of our quarterly interim update prior to discontinuing its issuance earlier this year.Please refer
ConocoPhillips	and CEO, and this morning we will be discussing the Company's first-quarter results and status on the strategic initiatives we shared at our March 24 analyst day.A summary of key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. As in the past you can find the presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website. In addition to the presentation material, we plan to use our website to provide information that was part of our quarterly interim update prior to discontinuing its issuance earlier this year.Please refer
ConocoPhillips	for participating in our second-quarter earnings conference call. Joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, and this morning we will be discussing the Company's second-quarter results and also provide an update on the status of our returns enhancement plans that we had announced earlier this year.A summary of key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided, as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. As in the past, you will find our presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website.But before we get started, I would like you to refer to
ConocoPhillips	the Company.I am joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. This morning we will provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and the full year 2010 as well as provide some outlook for 2011.As in the past, you can find presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website.Before we get started I would like you to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement on slide two. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and Q&A. Actual results
ConocoPhillips	and some priorities for 2013. Jeff Sheets, our EVP and CFO, will review the fourth quarter and the full year financial results, including our segment financials, and he'll be followed by Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and Production. Matt will review our year-end reserves performance and provide some color on E&P activities for the fourth quarter in each of our segments.Please note that today's presentation materials can be found on our website. A transcript of this call will be also posted later today, we hope, if not by tomorrow. As a final reminder, on Page 2 of our presentation
ConocoPhillips	all know and appreciate. With me for today's call are Jeff Sheets our Executive Vice President of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Fox, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production. Before I turn the call over to Jeff let me make just a few administrative points here.As a reminder, in late February we hosted our first ever analyst meeting as an independent Company. And at that meeting we presented a lot of detail about our future plans and our milestones. We had a great response to the event, which we appreciate. And today you'll hear that
ConocoPhillips	Operating Officer; and Sig Cornelius, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.The slide presentation that Jim Mulva will take you through today is intended to help you with your understanding of our financial and operating performance in the third quarter. And you can find this presentation on our website, ConocoPhillips.com.If you will turn to page two with me now, find our typical cautionary statement. That cautionary statement basically says that we will be making forward-looking statements in our presentation today along with responses to your questions and those forward-looking statements include our current view of expectations. Actual
ConocoPhillips	CFO. This morning, we'll provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the third quarter, as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2011. You can find our presentation material in the investor relations section of the ConocoPhillips website.But before we get started, I'd like you to take a look at the Safe Harbor Statement that we have on the next slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during this presentation and during the Q&A. Actual results may differ materially from what's presented today. And factors that could cause those actual results
ConocoPhillips	quarter, as well as our outlook for 2012. As in the past, you can find our presentation material on the Investor Relations section of ConocoPhillips' website. Please take a look at the Safe Harbor statement that we have on the bottom of this slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session, and actual results may be materially different from what's presented today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our filings with the SEC.So with that, I'll turn the call
ConocoPhillips	our strategic goals and priorities. Jeff Sheets, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will review the third quarter financial results including our segment financials. And we also have Matt Fox on today's call. Matt is our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, and he's going to review the E&P activities in each of our segments.Please note today's presentation materials can be found on our website, and a transcript of this call should be posted by no later than tomorrow morning. And finally, we will be making some forward-looking statements during today's webcast. Our results may differ materially from the
ConocoPhillips	including forward-looking statements based on what we expect currently and actual results may differ materially from those expectations. You can find a list of items that might cause material differences in our SEC filings. Now I'll turn this call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Okay, Gary, thank you and I appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call. I am already on page 3, which is fourth-quarter highlights. You can see in the fourth quarter, our net income was $4.4 billion. Our operations in the quarter, we generated $6.9 billion of cash. We reduced
ConocoPhillips	statements that are based on our current expectations and those expectations could be materially different than actual results. You can find the items or the issues that might cause those differences in our SEC filings. So I'll now turn the call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Okay, Gary, thank you and I appreciate all of those who are participating in our conference call. My comments are going to start on slide number 3. In the first quarter net income was $4.1 billion. We generated $6.6 billion of cash from operations; debt-to-equity ratio was 19%. During the quarter,
ConocoPhillips	a slide presentation that has been prepared to help you understand the financial and operating performance of the Company during the second quarter of this year.This presentation, along with other supplemental information can be found on our website, www.conocophillips.com.If you turn to page 2 now, you'll see our Safe Harbor statement. This statement simply says that there will be forward-looking statements made during our presentation today and the conference call, and these forward-looking statements represent our management's current expectations. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations. If you'll take a look at our SEC filings you will find information
ConocoPhillips	these forward-looking statements represent our management's current expectations. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations. If you'll take a look at our SEC filings you will find information on items that could cause these material differences.So at this point, I will turn the call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you, and appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call. I'm going to start off on page 3. You see in the second quarter our income was $5.4 billion. That is $3.50 a share. We generated $5.4 billion in cash from operations. Our
ConocoPhillips	a moment. But I wanted to make sure that all of you saw the announcement this morning that we completed the sale of our Kashagan business for about $5.4 billion. Just a quick mechanical point, we sent the earnings release and the Kashagan releases separately. That was because we had to queue up the earnings release last night and we weren't entirely certain about that timing of the Kashagan close. So apologies there for a little bit of possible confusion. But this is obviously a huge milestone for the business, and wanted to get the news out to the marketplace
ConocoPhillips	you can find a list of the items that could cause these material differences in our filings with the SEC. So now I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you and good morning and appreciate everyone joining us for our fourth-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. We appreciate your interest in our company and so I'm going to start my comments on page number 3. You can see for the fourth quarter of '06 we generated $3.2 billion of net income, $5.6 billion of cash from operations. Two
ConocoPhillips	forward-looking statements about what our current expectations are and results, actual results may differ materially from what our current expectations are. You can find a list of those items that could cause material differences in our filings with the SEC. With that said, I will turn the call over now to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you, and I welcome all those who are participating in the company's first quarter earnings conference call. I am on page 3, titled &quot;First Quarter Highlights.&quot; The first quarter of 2007 we generated $3.5 billion net income, and you see $6.9
ConocoPhillips	actual results could differ materially from those expectations. And you can find a list of the items that could cause these material differences in our SEC filings. So with that being said, I'll turn the conference call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you and I appreciate those who are participating in our conference call today and I'm going to start my comments on the third page. The second quarter of 2007, our net income was $301 million. This includes a $4.5 billion impairment associated with the expropriation of our assets in Venezuela. If you
ConocoPhillips	used based on what our current expectations are. Actual results may differ materially from those expectations. You can find a list of items that could cause material differences in our SEC filings. I will turn the call now over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you, and appreciate all those who are participating in our teleconference. I'm on page 3. In the third quarter of 2007, we had net income of $3.7 billion. From operations during the quarter we generated $6 billion of cash. We purchased $2.5 billion of our
Costco Co.	workers' comp reserves. The 48 cents per share reported results were above, of course, the 44 to 46% guidance that I provided you back in December; on our first quarter conference call and 1 cent above the current first call consensus of 47, which, of course, had already been ratcheted up from our December guidance each month as we reported strong comps in December and January. On an apples to apples basis, excluding workers' comp charge last year, we showed a 14% earnings increase. In terms of sales for the quarter, our 12 week comp sales figure showed an increase
Costco Co.	at total dollars net income increased to $45 million or 29% from 153.8 million last year to 198.7 million this year.&nbsp;These 42 cents a share results were well above the 35-37 cents per share EPS guidance I gave to you on our second quarter conference call back in March and 4 cents above the current first call estimate of 38 cents. Which had alreayd been ratcheted up each month as we reported strong comp sales in February, March and April. This year's fiscal third quarter results did include about 1.5 cents a share of income from real estate gains. Our
Costco Co.	risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.So to begin with, our 12-week first quarter. For the quarter we came in at a reported $0.60 a share. This compares to our October 8 conference call guidance range of $0.61 to $0.65. First call at the time, as you recall, was at $0.64. Most recently, it has been at $0.61 and then yesterday jumped to $0.62 as a couple of the data points in
Costco Co.	call, let me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, our 12-week second quarter fiscal 2009 operating results for
Costco Co.	are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined on today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC. To begin with our 12-week third quarter fiscal operating results for the quarter, as you saw this morning, earnings per share came
Costco Co.	having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12 week third quarter, for the quarter earnings per share came in at $1.04 per share, up 18% from
Costco Co.	a couple of unusual items, the aggregate of which added $0.08 to our earnings last year in the second quarter, we came in last year's second quarter at $0.54 per share on a moral normalized basis. In terms of this year's second quarter for the 12 weeks ended February 12, 2006, we reported $0.62 a share, so up 15%, or $0.08 per share over last year's normalized Q2 of $0.54. These results, as you know, were $0.02 a share above that top end of our range of guidance I provided you on our December conference call. And also $0.02 above
Costco Co.	with, our 12-week third quarter of fiscal 2006 operating results.Briefly we came in at $0.49 a share for the 12 weeks ended May 7, 2006 up 14%, or $0.06 a share over last year's Q3 EPS figure of $0.43. These results were 1% below the top end of the range of EPS guidance I provided you in March, and, of course, First Call throughout the quarter has remained at $0.50, so $0.01 below that figure.As I will discuss with you in a few moments, a pretty good result given weak gasoline profitability and a higher than estimated tax rate. In
Costco Co.	not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 17 week fourth quarter of fiscal '06 operating results, for the quarter we came in at a reported $0.75 a share. This compares to our August 30th release revised guidance of $0.68 to $0.71 and current first call of 73. My guess is the first call number of 73 excluded the $0.03 amount related to a tax issue that we have mentioned in that August 30th release.In last
Costco Co.	results. For the quarter we came in a reported $0.73 a share, which benefited greatly from a very low reported income tax rate of 28.9% for the quarter. As I will discuss later, using a more normalized tax rate, earnings from the quarter would have been we estimate $0.66. This compares to our April 22nd guidance of $0.63 to $0.66, and for FirstCall of $0.64. By the way, last year's fourth quarter was $0.62 a share.For the fiscal year we came in at a reported $2.18 a share, again, assuming a more normalized income tax rate for the year, which
Costco Co.	EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning to everyone. This morning we reported our 16 week fourth quarter and our 52 week fiscal year 2010 operating results, both ended August 29. As well we're reporting our five-week September sales results for the five weeks ended this past Sunday, October 3.As with every conference call, I will start by stating the discussions we're having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and in these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ
Costco Co.	statements involve risks and certainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements, and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, our 12-week first quarter operating results, for the quarter our earnings per share came in at $0.71, an 18% increase over last year's first quarter earnings per share of $0.60. Three items I will quickly note here. First, last year
Costco Co.	showed an increase of 7 percent, 8 percent excluding the impact of EITF 03-10. And in terms of our three retail reporting months of September, October and November, our reported columns were 8 percent in the five-week September month, 8 percent in the four week October month and 5 percent in the four week November month.Other topics of interest I will review with you this morning. Our recent openings -- we have opened a total of 11 locations since the beginning of the fiscal year on August 30. Seven of these are in the U.S., including one relocation and one
Costco Co.	sales basis, and again excluding these two non-recurring items, earnings were up 22 basis points year-over-year in the second quarter. In terms of sales for the quarter our twelve-week comp sales figure showed an increase of 7 percent, 8 percent excluding impact of EITF, which I am happy to say is now finally anniversaried, and we are back commencing with the third quarter on an apples-to-apples comparisons of sales.In terms of the three retail reporting months of December, January and February, our report comps were 9 percent, 4 percent, and for the four-week month of February which we are also
Costco Co.	10% and earnings per share were up 7%.In terms of sales for the quarter, our 12-week comp sales figure showed an increase of 7%. As you hopefully know, we have finally anniversaried the impact of EITF 03-10 as of the end of the second quarter and we're now back to apples-to-apples, year-over-year comparisons.In terms of the three retail reporting months most closely aligned with our fiscal third quarter, that would be February, March, and April, our reported comps were 7%, 7%, and 8% for those three months. And as you know, we will report the four weeks of May next
Costco Co.	are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week third-quarter operating results. For the quarter our reported EPS came in at $0.73 a share, up 7%
Costco Co.	Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, for the quarter our earnings per share came in at $0.88, up a little over 20% from last year's third-quarter earnings per share of $0.73 and $0.01 greater than the First Call consensus
Costco Co.	were $0.01 above the top end of the EPS guidance that I had provided you in early October on our fourth quarter year end earnings conference call. And even with this week's First Call estimate of $0.45. As I will review with you later today, this quarter's $0.45 figure was negatively impacted with a charge of approximately $7.6 million pretax or $0.01 a share which, is our estimated retention cost of hurricane Wilma that impacted Florida this past fall. Needless to say that was not included in our assumption, to start with.So excluding Wilma we would have reported $0.46 a
Costco Co.	that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC. To begin with, as you know we reported earnings per share at $0.60 same as last year's
Costco Co.	the 12 weeks ended February 14th and our four-weeks sales results for the month of February, which ended this past Sunday, February 28th. As with every call let me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events. results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks ask uncertainties include, but are not limited to those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified
Costco Co.	27.As with every conference call, I will start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week second quarter of
Costco Co.	these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.24, up 38% from last year's $0.90 reported number. As noted in this morning's release and as I had mentioned during our first-quarter conference call -- earnings call back
Costco Co.	Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC. To begin with, our 16-week fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, our operating results, for the quarter we came in at a reported $0.90 a share compared to last year's fourth quarter of $0.83 a
Costco Co.	pointed out in this morning's press release.&nbsp;Last year's fourth quarter we recorded a one time non-cash charge of $56.2 million pre tax or $0.08 a share related to refunding our accounting for deferred membership revenues. Excluding this charge our Company's reported $0.83 fourth quarter last year in the fourth quarter it would have been $0.91. Also mentioned in this morning's release this year's Q4 included two items. A $0.05 per share LIFO charge, our first significant LIFO charge in years, and a $0.02 per share charge related to a litigation settlement. Together, these two items impacted the $0.90 reported fourth
Costco Co.	to everyone. This morning we reported our 16-week fourth quarter and 52-week fiscal year-end operating results for fiscal 2009, both ended August 30, as well we reported our five-week September sales results for the five weeks that ended this past Sunday, October 4.As with every conference call, I will start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.The risks
Costco Co.	from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 16-week fourth-quarter operating results for the quarter, reported earnings per share came in at $1.08, up 11% from last year's reported EPS of $0.97 and of course, the $1.08 figure was a penny or two below First Call estimates. Both fourth quarters included certain items that impacted the quarter-over-quarter comparisons. As I mentioned on our fiscal '10 fourth-quarter earnings call last October 6, last year's fiscal 2010 Q4 results included a few items that, in total, benefited last year's reported $0.97 figure
Costco Co.	Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week first-quarter operating results, for the quarter, as you saw, our reported EPS came in at $0.73 compared to last year's EPS reported at $0.71. As was noted in this morning's
Costco Co.	start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined on today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week second-quarter results, for the quarter earnings per share came in
Costco Co.	and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.For the fourth quarter, to begin with our 17-week fourth-quarter fiscal 2012 operating results, we reported earnings per share, of course, this morning of $1.39, up 29% from last year's reported fourth-quarter earnings of $1.08. Sales for the quarter were up
Costco Co.	statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, our twelve-week first quarter. For the quarter, we came in at a reported $0.51 per share. This compares to our October 12th guidance of $0.48 to $0.51 at which time First Call consensus was $0.50. And last year's first quarter, we came in at a reported $0.45 per share. So on an actual calculation earnings per share, we are up 13%,
Costco Co.	me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involves -- involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, our 12 week second quarter. For the quarter
Costco Co.	from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.&nbsp;To begin with, our 12 week second quarter. For the quarter earnings per share came in at $0.74, compares to $0.54 or up 37% from last year, recognizing that last year had some one-time items This compares to our December 13th guidance at First Calls $0.74 figure at that time was doable and at the high end of a small range, I know you've heard that before. In last year's second quarter, again while we came in at a reported $0.54 a share, as I explained
Costco Co.	by stating that these discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, those outlines in today's call as well as other risks identified from time-to-time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12 week third quarter of fiscal 2008 operating results for the quarter, our earnings
Costco Co.	for the quarter, our earnings per share came in at $0.67 up 37% from last year's reported earnings of $0.49 a share. Of course this compares to our March 5th guidance that first calls then $0.65 figure for this quarter was doable as the high end of a very small range. So a couple of cents above our first call and our own comments. In last years third quarter while we came in at a reported $0.49 a share, as I explained last year and I will do so again shortly, last year's third quarter, what we believe to be
Costco Co.	of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, for the quarter, our reported earnings came in at $0.96 a share, compared to last year's earnings per share of $0.95. Several items of note that impacted the
Costco Co.	came in at a reported $0.54 a share compared to last year's second quarter $0.62 per share. As outlined in this morning's press release, excluding the three non-recurring items recorded in Q2, what I will term normalized earnings per share would have been $0.66 per share and of course this normalized $0.66 result compares to our December 14th guidance of $0.62 to $0.66 and current First Call of $0.66.In terms of sales for the quarter, as previously reported our 12-week comparable sales figure showed an increase of 5%. We are also, of course, reporting this morning our four-week February comp
Costco Co.	came in with a reported $0.49 a share compared to last year's third quarter $0.49 a share. As outlined in this morning's press release, excluding the additional sales return reserve adjustment and the associated reduction in gross margin on this sales adjustment taken in Q3, earnings per share would have been $0.56 representing a 14% increase above last year's $0.49 figure and this compares to our March 8th guidance of $0.52 to $0.56 and current First Call of $0.56.Please recall also that our March 8th guidance included an estimated $0.02 per share hit in Q3 related to the change we
Costco Co.	quarter, for the quarter, we came in at a reported $0.83 a share, compared to last year's fourth quarter $0.75 a share. As outlined in this morning's release, excluding the non recurring non cash pretax charge of $56.2 million or $0.08 a share related to the refining of our accounting for deferred membership fee revenues, the Company's fourth quarter net income and earning per share would have been [$408 million and $8.91] per share respectively, representing a 15% increase in net income and 21% increase in earnings per share. And as I mentioned, last year's fourth quarter had one extra
Costco Co.	filed with the SEC.&nbsp;To begin with our 12 week first quarter of fiscal '08 results for the quarter we came in at a reported $0.59 per share. This compares to my guidance back on October 10 of something in the mid to high 50s and I indicated that 59 actually may be a shade high but we got there. The first call was at 59 at the time and actually I think it went to 58, recently has been bumped back by you guys to 59, so pretty much in line with first call. In last year's first quarter we
CVS Caremark Corp.	for CVS in 2004. It will be important to keep that in mind, if you build your models versus the 53-week year we just completed for 2003. Dave will discuss this again when he provides earnings guidance a little later and help you adjust our 2003 results for one-time factors, such as the extra week, so you can make apples to apples comparisons in your 2004 model. Third, I want to remind you that in light of Regulation G, we'll only accept analyst models for review within the one-week period following this quarterly conference call. This reviewing comment will be
CVS Caremark Corp.	sign up using the invitation that was sent to you via e-mail, and we sent that out on April 27. We hope you can join us on September 29th for a full morning of presentations on our company. If for any reason you haven't received an invitation and you'd like to come, please call my assistant, Linda Pierre, at 914-722-4094.Second, I want to reiterate that, in light of Regulation FD, we'll only accept analyst models for review within the one-week period following each quarterly earnings call. This review and comment will be limited to suggesting changes based on information disseminated
CVS Caremark Corp.	reminder invitation via e-mail last Friday to which you can reply. If you have already signed up, it is not necessary to do so again. If you would like to attend and you haven't received an invitation, please call Linda Pierre at 914-722-4094 and she will gladly assist you.By the end of September, we will have owned the Eckerd's stores for two months and we will be able to share our initial impressions at that time. We are already expecting a big crowd and we hope all of you can join us on September 29th for a full morning of
CVS Caremark Corp.	today for our third quarter earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President and CEO of CVS Caremark and David Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO.Today's call will be a little different from our past calls. Given the extreme volatility and undo pressure on share price, we want to take the opportunity this public forum presents to answer key questions on the minds of investors. Following some opening remarks, Tom will answer the top questions we will been hearing head on, and then Dave will address the questions most companies have been getting lately, what is our credit and
CVS Caremark Corp.	and thanks for joining us today for our fourth-quarter conference call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President and CEO of CVS Caremark, and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. Tom will summarize our key 2008 accomplishments and provide a brief business update highlighting our key areas of focus for 2009, then Dave will provide a financial review of the fourth quarter and hit the highlights for our guidance for the first quarter and year. During the Q&A that follows we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including followups, so we can get to as
CVS Caremark Corp.	and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. First let me provide a quick reminder. Our annual analyst and investor meeting will take place next Friday morning, May 15th, at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City. We've had a big response to the meeting and look forward to seeing several hundred of you there. If anyone else would like to attend and need the specifics of the meeting, please call my office and we'll do our best to fit you in. The presentations will also be available via webcast. This is the one time per year that we
CVS Caremark Corp.	CEO, Larry Merlo, who will provide an update on the business. After Larry, our Executive Vice President and CFO, Dave Denton, will review financial results and guidance. John Roberts, President of PBM, and Mark Cosby, President of our Retail Business, are also with us today and will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. During the Q&A, please limit yourself to no more than two questions so we can provide more callers with a chance to ask their questions.Just before this call we posted a slide presentation on our website that summarizes the information you'll hear today as
CVS Caremark Corp.	with our President and CEO, Larry Merlo, who will provide an update on the Business. After Larry, our Executive Vice President and CFO, Dave Denton, will review financial results and guidance. Jon Roberts, President of PBM, and Mark Cosby, President of our Retail business, are also with us today, and will participate in the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. During the Q&A, please limit yourself to no more than two questions so we can provide more callers with a chance to ask their questions.Just before this call, we posted a slide presentation on our website that summarizes the information
CVS Caremark Corp.	a half day event with several speakers from our senior management team. An invitation with all the details will be sent via e-mail in March. But, please save the date.While we're likely to webcast the meeting, we hope you will attend in person as this is one time during the year when you can have direct exposure to executives beyond our usual spokes people. Second, we sent an e-mail to everyone currently on our investor relations distribution list. It was sent on January 26th at about 9:30 in the morning requesting that you respond by February 10th if you wish
CVS Caremark Corp.	Part D, and other assumptions about our future financial performance, including the substance related to our 2006 guidance. Current and prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties, that actual results may differ materially due to various factors.For example, adverse developments with respect to the company's operating plan, objectives, competitive developments, the success of the Medicare Part D implementation, the timing and launch of new branded engineered pharmaceuticals, and regulatory and legal matters, government investigations, and governmental action regarding pricing and reimbursements. Additional factors that could affect our business
CVS Caremark Corp.	not already responded to the invitation that we e-mailed to you on March 20, please do so at your earliest convenience. If you need any additional information, you can contact Adriana Vasquez at 914-722-4073.Now because our annual analyst and investor meeting is less than three weeks away, we are going to provide a somewhat condensed business update today, along with our usual financial review. For a more detailed update, please join us either in person or via webcast at our upcoming meeting on May 24. We do hope you attend in person, however, as this is the one time during
CVS Caremark Corp.	Albertsons stores and is related to systems incompatibility that we are working around initially. Once the systems are integrated we will shift back to reporting sales on our previous schedule which is typically two business days earlier.Second in order to be able to take as many questions as possible today I would ask that you limit yourself to one or two questions, including your follow-up. If you have more than that you can get back in the queue and we will try to get to you as time permits. Third, I want to remind you that today's call is being
CVS Caremark Corp.	performance, involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially due to various factors. For example, adverse development with respect to the company's operating plan and objectives, competitive development, success of Medicare Part D, the timing and launch of new branded and generic pharmaceuticals, regulatory and legal matters, government investigations, government mental action regarding pricing and reimbursement. Additional factors that could affect our business can be found in our forms 10-K, 10-Q and other SEC filings.This conference call includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. A complete reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in the
CVS Caremark Corp.	comps up 5.8%.The 2004 acquired stores continue to deliver very strong results with total comps up 13.9% in October, once again, reflecting solid results in both the front store and the pharmacy. We saw strength across all of our core categories.Now before I turn this over to Dave, I have a couple of administrative items to cover. First, today's call is being simulcast on our IR Web site. It will also be archived there for a one-month period following the call.Second, please note that during this call we'll discuss one non-GAAP financial measure in talking about our Company's performance, namely,
CVS Caremark Corp.	enrollment.&nbsp;Current and prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially due to various factors. Examples of such things include adverse developments with respect to the Company's operating plan and objectives, competitive developments, the timing and launch of new branded and generic pharmaceuticals, regulatory and legal matters, government investigations, and pricing and reimbursement as well as additional factors that could affect your business which can be found in our forms 10-K, 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. This conference call includes certain
CVS Caremark Corp.	to suggesting changes based on information disseminated to the public on the call.During this period we'll simply check analysts' models for appropriate interpretations of what we have said.In addition, please note that during this call we will discuss one non-GAAP financial measure in talking about our Company's performance, namely, free cash flow. We find it a good way to understand operational cash flow being generated by the business.Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus non-cash charges plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends. In accordance with SEC
CVS Caremark Corp.	members of the senior management team, with respect to the anticipated growth rates of the Company's business, including revenue growth and earnings per share projections as well as the assumptions upon which our statements are based.Respective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainty, and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements on this conference call include, but are not limited to the adverse
CVS Caremark Corp.	answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn today's call over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thanks, Cynthia. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with our senior management team, Tom Ryan Chairman and CEO of CVS Caremark, who will provide a brief business update, Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a financial review, and Larry Merlo, President and COO and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business, both of whom will participate in
CVS Caremark Corp.	1995. Forward-looking statements discussed on this conference call include the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company and members of it senior management team with respect to the anticipated growth prospects for the Company's business, including revenue growth and earnings per share projections and the anticipated amount and timing of synergies and accretion from the advanced PCS transaction. And the amount of certain expenses to be incurred in connection with the transaction. As well as the assumptions upon which statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks
CVS Caremark Corp.	An invitation with all the details will be forthcoming in March but please save the date. I also want to remind you in light of Regulation FD we will only accept analyst models for review within the one week period following each quarterly earnings call. This reviewing comment will be limited to suggesting changes based on information disseminated to the public on the call. During this period we'll simply check analyst models for appropriate interpretations of what was said. In addition please note that during this call we'll discuss one non-GAAP financial measure in talking about our company's performance, namely
CVS Caremark Corp.	members of its senior management team with respect to the anticipated growth prospects for the Company's business, including revenue growth and earnings per share projections and the anticipated amount and timing of synergies and accretion from the AdvancePCS transaction, and the amount of certain expenses to be incurred in connection with the transaction, as well as the assumptions upon which statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements.Important factors currently known to
CVS Caremark Corp.	upon which such statements are based.&nbsp;Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements on this conference call include, but are not limited to, adverse developments with the respect to the Company's operating plan and objectives, as well as adverse developments in the healthcare or pharmaceutical industry generally. Additional factors that could cause actual results
CVS Caremark Corp.	four weeks away, we're going to provide a somewhat condensed business update today, along with our usual financial review. For a more detailed update, please join us either in person or via audio webcast at our upcoming meeting on June 2nd.Next, I want to remind you that today's call will be simulcast on our website at investor.CVS.com. It will also be archived on our website for one month period following the call, to make it easy for all investors to access the call. Note that this call may not be rebroadcast without prior written consent from CVS. I also want
CVS Caremark Corp.	the call over to Ms. Nancy Christal. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP OF IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with Larry Merlo, President and CEO; Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business. After our prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one or two including follow-up, so we can provide more analysts and investors the chance to ask their questions.I want to make sure you are all aware that we
CVS Caremark Corp.	over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Miss Nancy Christal. Please go ahead.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP OF IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Frank. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with Larry Merlo, President and CEO; Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business.After our prepared remarks we'll have a question-and-answer session. During the Q&A please limit your questions to one or two including follow-up so we can provide more analysts and investors the chance to ask a question.As a reminder, we posted slides and supplemental financial
CVS Caremark Corp.	today. I'm here with Larry Merlo, President and CEO, who will provide a business update, and Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a financial review. Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business, and Mark Cosby, President of CVS Pharmacy, are also with us today, and will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one or two, including follow-up, so we can provide more analysts and investors a chance to ask their questions.During this call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance,
CVS Caremark Corp.	year.But before I turn this over to Dave I have the usual administrative items to cover and I will also review October sales results, which we announced this morning in a separate press release.First, please note that today's call will be simulcast on our website at investor.cvs.com. It will also be archived on our website for a one-month period following the call to make it easy for all investors to access the call. Note that this call may not be rebroadcast without prior written consent from CVS.Second, in light of Regulation FD, we will only accept analyst models for review
CVS Caremark Corp.	impact in 2006 of the Company's Medicare Part D programs as well as the assumptions upon which such statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward looking statements. Important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those not contemplated by the forward looking statements in this conference call include, but are not limited to, adverse developments with respect to the Company's operating plan and objectives
CVS Caremark Corp.	provide a business update, and Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO who will provide a financial review of the fourth quarter and guidance for the first quarter and full year 2010. Larry Merlo, President of our retail business, and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business are also here with us today. Both of them will participate in the question and answer session that follows our prepared remarks. During the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including follow-ups, so we can get to as many analysts and investors as possible.This morning we'll
CVS Caremark Corp.	go ahead.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thanks, Regina. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our first-quarter earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President, and CEO of CVS Caremark, who will provide a business update, and Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a financial review of the first quarter of 2010, and guidance for the second quarter and full year 2010. Larry Merlo, President of our retail business, and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business, are also here with us today. Both of them will participate in
CVS Caremark Corp.	the conference over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Christal, you may begin your conference.NANCY CHRISTAL, IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thanks, Brooke. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today on short notice. We're very excited to tell you more about our new 12-year contract with Aetna. In light of the Aetna news, we thought it made sense to accelerate our earnings announcement so we could get all of the information into the market place at once.I'm here with our senior management team. Tom Ryan, Chairman and CEO of CVS Caremark, will discuss the strategic
CVS Caremark Corp.	prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)Thank you, I would like to turn the call over to Miss Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with our Senior Management team. Tom Ryan, Chairman and CEO of CVS Caremark, will provide some brief opening remarks about his transition to retirement. Larry Merlo, President and COO, who will take the reins as CEO in March, will talk about his priorities to drive
CVS Caremark Corp.	morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with Larry Merlo, President and CEO, who will provide a business update. And Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review our financials. Jon Roberts, President of Caremark, and Mark Cosby, President of CVS/Pharmacy are also with us today, and will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. During the Q&A, please limit yourself to one or two questions so we can provide more analysts and investors a chance to ask their questions.Please note that we posted a slide presentation on our website this morning. And
CVS Caremark Corp.	go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP, IR, CVS CAREMARK CORP.: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for the second quarter earnings call. I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO of CVS Caremark . Dave will provide a business update, a financial review of the second quarter and guidance. I'm happy we have two other key executives with us today: Larry Merlo, President of CVS Pharmacy - Retail, and Howard McLure, President of Caremark Pharmacy Services. Both Larry and Howard will participate in the question and answer session.For your information, we expect to file
CVS Caremark Corp.	discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our company's performance mainly free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus noncash charges, plus changes in working capital, plus net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions, dividends and discontinued operations.EBITDA is defined as operating profits plus depreciation plus amortization. Adjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS from continuing operations, eliminating the effects of amortization only and assuming our overall effect tax rate for the amortization. As usual, we will provide guidance today using adjusted EPS which is the metric used
CVS Caremark Corp.	and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO, will provide a financial review and guidance. During the Q&A that follows we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions including follow-up, so we can get to as many analysts as possible.Please note that we expect to file 10-Q by end of day today, and it will be available through our website, cvscaremark.com/investors. This morning we will discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, mainly free cash flow, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the definitions of the nonGAAP
CVS Caremark Corp.	CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thanks Regina. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President and CEO of CVS Caremark who will provide a business update and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO who will provide a financial review and guidance. During the Q&A that follows we ask that you limit yourself to one or two questions including follow-ups so we can get to as many analysts and investors as possible.Please note that we expect to file our 10-Q by end of the day today and it will
CVS Caremark Corp.	President and CEO; Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business.After our prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one or two including follow-up so we can provide more analysts and investors a chance to ask their questions.I have just a couple of reminders today. First, we will host our Analyst Day on the morning of Tuesday, December 20 in New York City. At that time we will provide 2012 guidance as well as a comprehensive update on our growth strategies. In addition to
CVS Caremark Corp.	President and CEO, who will provide a business update, and Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a financial review. Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business, and Mark Cosby, President of CVS/pharmacy, are also with us today, and they will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks.During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one or two, including follow-ups, so we can provide more analysts and investors the chance to ask their questions.During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and
CVS Caremark Corp.	Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a financial review. Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business; and Mark Cosby, President of CVS Pharmacy, are also with us today and will participate in the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. During the question-and-answer session, please limit yourself to one or two questions so we can provide more analysts and investors a chance to ask their questions.During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the
CVS Caremark Corp.	President and CFO, who will review our financials. Per Lofberg, Executive Vice President of CVS Caremark; Jon Roberts, President of Caremark; and Mark Cosby, President of CVS Pharmacy, are also with us today and will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. During the Q&A please limit yourself to one or two questions so we can provide more analysts and investor's a chance to ask their questions.I have a couple of quick reminders today. First, we will host our 2012 Analyst Day on the morning of Thursday, December 13 in New York City. At that time we will
CVS Caremark Corp.	free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus non-cash charges plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends.EBITDA is defined as operating profit plus depreciation plus amortization. Adjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS, eliminating the effects of amortization only, and assuming our overall effective tax rate for the amortization. We'll provide guidance today using adjusted EPS, in order to improve our comparability with various competitors that you monitor. And to ensure consistency within the investment community, we recommend that all analysts
CVS Caremark Corp.	adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earning after taxes plus noncash charges, plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and EBITDA. EBITDA is defined as operating profit plus depreciation plus amortization. Adjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS eliminating the affect of amortization only and assuming our overall effective for the amortization. We will provide guidance today using adjusted EPS as we did on our last call.In accordance with SEC regulations you can find the reconciliation of the nonGAAP items I mentioned to comparable GAAP measures on the investor relations
CVS Caremark Corp.	call. I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO, of CVS Caremark who will provide a business update, a financial review of the first quarter and guidance. Also with us is Howard McLure, President of Caremark Pharmacy Services, who will participate in the question-and-answer session.First I'll note that we expect to file our 10-Q by the end of the day today, and it will be available through our website at investor.cvs.com. This morning we will discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is
CVS Caremark Corp.	and guidance. Jon Roberts, President of PBM, is also with us today and will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. Mark Cosby, President of the Retail Business, was planning to join us but is under the weather and not able to be here today. During the Q&A, please limit yourself to no more than one question with a quick follow-up so that we can provide more callers with a chance to ask their questions.I have one important reminder today. On Wednesday, December 18, we will host our 2013 Analyst Day in New York City. At that time,
CVS Caremark Corp.	generic introductions. I will note that there was no benefit to pharmacy comps from the flu season. Front store comps were up a very strong 8.2%. Remember that our comps don't yet include the stand-alone drugstores we acquired from Albertsons in June in of '06. Those stores will be included in our comp following the one-year anniversary of our deal in July of '07. The 2004 acquired stores once again delivered very strong results and our overall comp continued to benefit from the multi-year turnaround of those assets. We saw strength across all of our core front-end categories, especially health,
CVS Caremark Corp.	separate press release.Tom will then update you on our business unit results in the quarter and the terrific opportunities we're seeing from the merger of CVS and Caremark. And Dave will provide a first quarter financial review and our initial guidance for the combined company for the second quarter and full-year 2007.Following our remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. During the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including follow-up, as we have a large constituency of healthcare and retail analysts and investors to accommodate.Now, as you know, the merger closed on
CVS Caremark Corp.	of Caremark and PharmaCare. In the meantime to help you understand the underlying performance of our retail and PBM segments on a comparable basis we've included three supplemental tables in today's earnings press release.During this call we'll discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and cash EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus noncash charges plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures, so free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends. EBITDA is defined as operating profit plus depreciation plus amortization. And cash EPS is defined
CVS Caremark Corp.	adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus noncash charges plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends. EBITDA is defined as operating profit plus depreciation plus amortization. And based upon requests from the investment community, on our first quarter call we began to provide earnings guidance for GAAP EPS as well as cash EPS, which is defined as diluted EPS eliminating the effect of both depreciation and amortization. So in a sense cash EPS adjusts for noncash investments on both the retail and PBM sides of
Chevron Corp.	meeting in New York.So this morning I will provide a brief overview of our 2003 financial results. Then I will have John Watson cover the more detailed quarterly segment comparisons, and then I will take the mike again and followup with a look at our progress on strategies both reviewing 2003 and the outlook for 2004. I think we are making very good progress on all of those strategies. During an update, I will also cover our reserves, replacement results, and then we will leave plenty of time for your questions.Slide 4 provides a brief overview of financial performance. The
Chevron Corp.	that are available on the web. Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide 2.I'll begin with slide 3 which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's third quarter earnings were a record $7.9 billion, or $3.85 per diluted share. Our third quarter 2008 results were more than double our third quarter 2007 earnings. Higher crude oil and natural gas prices contributed to our upstream performance. Our downstream operations benefited from improved margins, strong refinery utilization and from timing
Chevron Corp.	you, Matt. And welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter earnings conference call and Webcast. On the call with me today are Pat Yarrington, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jim Aleveras, General Manager, Investor Relations. Pat took over as CFO from Steve Crowe who retired last month and has extensive experience in all aspects of Chevron's financial operations. Most recently, Pat has been our Vice President and Treasurer and prior to that was Vice President of Government and Public Affairs and before that Vice President of Strategic Planning. You'll have an opportunity to meet her at our meeting in New
Chevron Corp.	are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first quarter earnings were $1.8 billion or $0.92 per diluted share. Our first quarter 2009 earnings were down 64% from the first quarter 2008. First quarter 2009 earnings fell 62% compared to the fourth quarter of 2008, which Jim will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 22%, the debt ratio was about
Chevron Corp.	to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's second-quarter earnings were $5.4 billion, or $2.77 per diluted share. Return on Capital Employed for the trailing 12 months was about 16%.Our debt ratio at the end of June was approximately 12%. In the second quarter, we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares; and in the third quarter, we expect to repurchase the
Chevron Corp.	Full year results of 14.1 billion marked a second consecutive year of record earnings for Chevron. The earnings improvement between quarters reflected a few key drivers. Downstream earnings benefited from higher marketing margins in the U.S. and the resumption of our Pascagoula refinery operations following the Gulf of Mexico hurricane disruptions of the third quarter. Increases in natural gas prices in the U.S. and a full quarter of earnings from the former Unocal operations, which were acquired in August, also contributed to our fourth quarter results. These benefits outweighed the ongoing adverse effects of last quarter's storms. There were no
Chevron Corp.	of 2005, mainly due to higher commodity prices but also helped by volume additions from the Unocal acquisition. First-quarter results were down about 4% from the fourth quarter 2005, which Irene will detail shortly.There were no special items for the quarter. Return on capital employed over the trailing four quarters was 24%. The balance sheet continues to reflect our company's financial strength and flexibility. The debt-to-capital ratio at the end of the quarter was 16%. Stock repurchases in the first quarter totaled $1 billion, reflecting an accelerated buyback pace.Irene will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Irene?IRENE MELITAS, IR
Chevron Corp.	results of $4.4 billion or $1.97 per diluted share for the quarter. Our results were up 18% compared to the second quarter 2005 on higher crude oil prices and increased production. Second-quarter results were up 9% from the first quarter of 2006 and Steve will discuss this shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing four quarters was 24%. We continued to reduce debt during the second quarter and at quarter end, our debt to capital ratio was 13.4%. Our C&E spending totaled $4.3 billion for the quarter. Stock repurchases in the second quarter totaled $1.3 billion reflecting an accelerated buyback
Chevron Corp.	earnings press release. Third-quarter results were up 15% from the second quarter of 2006, which Irene will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed over the trailing four quarters was 23%. Our balance sheet continues to show financial strength and flexibility. The debt ratio remained at 13% at quarter-end. Our capital and exploratory spending was $4.1 billion for the quarter. Stock repurchases were $1.4 billion for the quarter. We had cumulative purchases totaling $3.8 billion. We expect to complete the current $5 billion program by year-end.And finally, our year-to-date total shareholder return is running about 22%. Irene will now take us
Chevron Corp.	on slide two.Slide three begins with an update of our strategic process in upstream. In Venezuela, we announced a discovery at our first exploratory well in Plataforma Deltana, Block 3. Chevron has a 100 % interest in the block subject to a 35% back-in option by PdVSA. Natural gas was encountered in six shallow sand intervals. The well is relatively close to, and on trend with previously announced Loran discoveries in Block 2 and Manatee discovery in Trinidad and Tobago waters. Together these discoveries boost Chevron's plans to evaluate an LNG project in Venezuela.Moving across the world to Australia, Chevron
Chevron Corp.	Mike Wirth, Executive Vice President of Downstream and Chemicals, and Jeanette Ourada, General Manager of Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the third quarter of 2010. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements and I ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's third quarter earnings were $3.8 billion or $1.87 per diluted share. Our third quarter 2010 earnings were flat
Chevron Corp.	months. Upstream sales closed in the third quarter included U.S. producing properties, Canadian mid-stream business, and offshore producing properties in the Democratic Republic of Congo. In the downstream, sales of service stations under a program announced last year reached 1100 sites out of a targeted 1500. Most sold stations keep a ChevronTexaco brand so we are reducing invested capital, while maintaining our branded market share. And after regaining the right to the Texaco brand on July 1st we added over 800 new Texaco sites in the southeastern United States in the third quarter building our share in that part of
Chevron Corp.	26 percent. And our competitive performance on this measure has shown strong improvement over the last several years. And our analysis, based on publicly available data, indicates that we've led our peers in ROCE for the first nine months of 2004; and of course, we can't validate the year-end numbers until we get the competitive data in the next few weeks. Our balance sheet provides tremendous financial strength and flexibility. The debt-to-capital ratio ended the year at 20 percent, with net debt to capital down to 1 percent.We've also made great progress on portfolio high grading in 2004. Proceeds from
Chevron Corp.	refer to the Safe Harbor statement on slide two.Slide three begins with an update on our strategic progress in upstream. I'll start with news from West Africa. In Nigeria, development of the Agbami field is one of ChevronTexaco's most important projects, expected to provide gross production of 250,000 barrels per day, with first oil in 2008. Recently, we entered into a $1.1 billion construction contract for floating production storage and off-loading vessel or FPSO at Agbami, a key milestone keeping the project on track. In the same region, we signed a production-sharing contract for Block 1 in the joint development
Chevron Corp.	Company. I've asked Gary to join me on the call this morning to give you an update on our recent Atlas acquisition and Gulf of Mexico activity.Chevron, and Gary specifically, have taken a leadership role in addressing the Administration's concerns regarding drilling in the Gulf of Mexico. Gary serves as Chair of the governing body leading the joint industry Task forces that have been working to improve prevention, intervention, and spill response capabilities with the goal of getting the industry back to work.Also on the call is Jeanette Ourada, General Manager of Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial
Chevron Corp.	and webcast. On the call with me today are George Kirkland, Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President of Upstream and Gas; and Jeanette Ourada, General Manager, Investor Relations. Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2011. I'll refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's second quarter earnings were $7.7 billion or
Chevron Corp.	is Jeanette Ourada, General Manager, Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website. Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. It was a strong quarter financially, among one of the best we have ever had. The company's first-quarter earnings were $6.5 billion or $3.27 per diluted share. Comparing the first-quarter 2012 to the same quarter a year earlier, our earnings were up 4%. Upstream benefited
Chevron Corp.	George Kirkland, Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President of Upstream and Gas, and Jeanette Ourada, General Manager, Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. Financially it was a strong quarter. The Company's second-quarter earnings were $7.2 billion, or $3.66 per diluted share. Comparing the second quarter 2012 to the same quarter a year earlier, our earnings declined 7%.Upstream
Chevron Corp.	all reflect two months of data only. That's two months out of the three. We're very pleased with the pace of integration and on track to delivering the synergies by middle of next year. On the hurricanes, we are the number one operator on the gulf of Mexico shelf and of course a big player in the deep water. And the hurricanes Katrina and Rita in particular hit us in the core of our operations. Katrina in the eastern gulf and Rita in the west. On average we had 90,000 barrels equivalent oil production shut in during the quarter. And
Chevron Corp.	our website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.Turning to slide three, I'd like to provide a brief summary of our operational performance in 2009. We had a number of very significant accomplishments during the year. We again set a new record for safety and are among the best in the industry. We continued to operate with excellence and increased both production efficiency and refinery reliability. We grew production by 7% in 2009, reflecting the startup and ramp-up of major
Chevron Corp.	Jeanette Ourada, General Manager, Investor Relations, is on the call with me.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2010. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first quarter earnings were $4.6 billion, or $2.27 per diluted share. Our first quarter 2010 earnings increased about 150% compared with the first quarter
Chevron Corp.	President of Global Upstream and Gas; Jeanette Ourada, General Manager of Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2010. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement here on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The second-quarter earnings were $5.4 billion or $2.70 per diluted share. Our second-quarter 2010 earnings more than tripled compared with the year-ago quarter.Second quarter
Chevron Corp.	fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are Pat Yarrington, our CFO; and Jeanette Ourada, General Manager of Investor Relations. Our focus today is on our financial and operating results for the fourth quarter of 2010, and we'll refer to the slides that are available on our website.Of course, before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements, and we ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.I'd like to share some of our strategic accomplishments for 2010, which are located on slide three.
Chevron Corp.	Relations. We will, of course, refer to slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started please be reminded that the presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the usual cautionary statement that we have on slide two.Turning to slide three I want to begin where we always do, with safety. We continued to achieve world-class low industrial injury and illness rates. We had our lowest-ever days away from work rate and once the data is finalized we expect to again lead the industry for the second consecutive year on this measure.We are
Chevron Corp.	Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first-quarter earnings were $6.2 billion, or $3.18 per diluted share. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 18%. Our debt ratio at the end of March was approximately 9%. In the first quarter, we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares. In the second quarter, we
Chevron Corp.	this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.I will begin with slide three, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's second-quarter earnings were a record $6 billion or $2.90 per diluted share. Our second-quarter 2008 results were up 11% from the second-quarter 2007. Higher crude oil prices benefited our upstream performance, but had a negative impact on our downstream business. The second quarter of last year included a $500 million net gain on the sale of an investment and redemption of debt. Second-quarter 2008 earnings
Chevron Corp.	second quarter of last year included a $500 million net gain on the sale of an investment and redemption of debt. Second-quarter 2008 earnings rose over 15% compared with the first quarter of 2008, which Jim will discuss shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 23%. The debt ratio was below 8% at the end of June. Capital and exploratory spending was $5.2 billion for the quarter. In addition to the $2 billion of stock buybacks, we increased the second quarter dividend 12%.Jim will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Jim?JIM ALEVERAS, GENERAL MANAGER, IR, CHEVRON:
Chevron Corp.	and Gas, and Jim Aleveras, General Manager, Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2009, and we will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on the slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's second-quarter earnings were $1.7 billion, or $0.87 per diluted share. Our second-quarter 2009 earnings were down 71% from the second quarter 2008. Second-quarter 2009 earnings
Chevron Corp.	third quarter of 2009, and we will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.But before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. So please review the cautionary statement on slide two.Turning to slide three, which provides an overview of our financial performance, let me cover a few points. The Company's third-quarter earnings were $3.8 billion or $1.92 per diluted share. Our third-quarter 2009 earnings were down 51% for the third-quarter 2008. Third-quarter earnings were 120% higher than second-quarter 2009, and Pat will be discussing this shortly.Return on capital
Chevron Corp.	Wirth, Executive Vice President of Downstream and Chemicals; and Jeannette Ourada, General Manager, Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the third quarter of 2011. We'll refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's third quarter earnings were $7.8 billion or $3.92 per diluted share. Earnings in the third quarter 2011 were more than twice
Chevron Corp.	we will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, as usual, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide 2.Turn to slide 3, I want to begin with safety, where we always do. In March of last year I talked with you at some length about Chevron's Safety Journey, over 100 years of focus and improvements in our systems and processes. I said we work to improve every day. As a result of our efforts, every key measure of
Chevron Corp.	Manager, Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. Financially, it was another solid quarter. The Company's third-quarter earnings were $5.3 billion, or $2.69 per diluted share. Current quarter earnings are down about 30% compared to both second quarter 2012 and to third quarter 2011. It is important to note that both comparative periods, second quarter this year
Chevron Corp.	contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. I ask you to review the cautionary statement on this slide.I'll begin with slide 3, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's fourth quarter earnings were $4.9 billion, or $2.32 per diluted share. Full-year results of $18.7 billion mark the fourth consecutive year of record earnings. Our fourth-quarter earnings were 29% higher than the fourth quarter of 2006, reflecting higher crude prices, which more than offset weaker downstream results. Fourth-quarter earnings rose 31% compared to the third quarter of 2007, which Steve will discuss in detail shortly. Return on capital
Chevron Corp.	earnings rose 31% compared to the third quarter of 2007, which Steve will discuss in detail shortly. Return on capital employed for the year was 23%, and our debt ratio at year-end was 8.6%. Stock buybacks during the quarter were $2 billion, and $7 billion for the year in total. Total shareholder return for the year was over 30%.Turning to slide 4, our total capital spending for 2007 was $20 billion. Upstream spending accounted for 15.5 billion, or 78% of the total. Our cash C&E, which excludes our share of -- equity share of affiliate outlets, totaled 17.7 billion for
Chevron Corp.	of last year included a $700 million gain on the sale of our interest in a refinery in the Netherlands.First-quarter 2008 earnings rose 6% compared to the fourth-quarter 2007, which Jim will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 23%. The debt ratio was about 8% at the end of the quarter. As we announced Wednesday, we increased our quarterly dividend by $0.07 per share or 12.1%. This marks the fourth consecutive year we have raised the second-quarter dividend by a double-digit amount. Stock buybacks were $2 billion in the quarter.Jim will now take us
Chevron Corp.	that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.I will begin with slide three, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first-quarter earnings were $5.2 billion or $2.48 per diluted share. Our first-quarter 2008 earnings were up nearly 10% from the first-quarter 2007, reflecting higher crude oil and natural gas prices, which more than offset weaker downstream results. The first quarter of last year included a $700 million gain on the sale of our interest in a refinery in the Netherlands.First-quarter 2008 earnings rose 6% compared to the fourth-quarter 2007, which Jim will discuss shortly. Return on
Chevron Corp.	are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's third-quarter earnings were $5 billion, or $2.57 per diluted share.Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 15%. Our debt ratio at the end of September was 11%.In the third quarter we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares. In the fourth quarter, we expect to repurchase the same amount.Though not shown on this slide, I would
Chevron Corp.	to the fourth quarter 2005, reflecting a sharp decline in the price of natural gas in the U.S., which more than offset the benefits from improved operating performance.Fourth quarter results declined by about 25% versus the third quarter of 2006, which Steve will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed for the year was a strong 23%. The debt ratio was 13% at year-end, with net debt a negative $1.6 billion.Stock buybacks were $1.3 billion in the fourth quarter, and $5 billion for the year. The $5 billion buyback program initiated in late 2005 concluded within 12 months. In December we
Chevron Corp.	from the first quarter a year ago, reflecting a $700 million after-tax gain on the sale of our interest in the Nerefco refinery in the Netherlands and higher margins on refined products worldwide. These benefits were partially offset by the effect of lower prices for crude oil and natural gas on upstream profits. First-quarter results were 25% higher than the fourth quarter of 2006, which Irene will discuss shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing four quarters was 23%. And the debt ratio was about 12% at quarter end. Earlier this week, we announced an 11.5% dividend increase, raising our
Chevron Corp.	offset by costs of $160 million from retiring uneconomic debt. Second, the absence of hurricane-related charges for uninsured costs incurred in the second quarter of 2006. And thirdly, higher margins for refined products.Second-quarter results were 14% higher than the first quarter, which Steve will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed for the trailing four quarters was 24% and the debt ratio was about 10% at quarter end. Share repurchases totaled $1.75 billion, reflecting a higher buyback pace, which Steve foreshadowed at last quarter's conference call. We now expect to complete the current buyback program in the third quarter. Steve will
Chevron Corp.	about $400 million or approximately $0.19 per share of net charges associated with non-recurring items. The main driver for the earnings change was a decline of over $1 billion in downstream profits. Escalating costs for crude oil feedstocks could not be fully recovered in the market. This impact was global, but it was especially significant on the US West Coast. Overall third-quarter results were $1.7 billion lower than our record second quarter 2007, which Jim will discuss shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing four quarters was 22%. During the quarter we retired about $2 billion of debt, reducing the
NTT DoCoMo	-- of this session will be provided on demand through DOCOMO's website.For today, we will like to have a presentation from Mr. Yamada, President and CEO. The presentation consists of two parts. First, he will be reporting the results for the first of fiscal 2008. And then he will continue with another presentation, which is entitled DOCOMO's Change and Challenge to Achieve New Growth.We would aim to finish the session at 6.30pm and there's also a Q&A session provided after the presentation. Please be advised that there are risk factors pertaining to our business and for details please refer to
NTT DoCoMo	Kumagai responsible for Consumer Marketing; Kazuto Tsubouchi, Managing Director of the Accounts & Finance Department and CFO; Kaoru Kato, Managing Director of Corporate Planning -- Strategy & Planning Department.Now let me go through today's presentation documents. First, we have three sets of documents. First is the earnings release, the second is the presentation slides, and number three is a press release, which is entitled DoCoMo to Terminate Mova and DoPa 2G Services. Please confirm that you have the full three sets of documents.For today's meeting, first, we would like to have a presentation from our President & CEO, Mr. Yamada,
NTT DoCoMo	Kiyoyuki Tsujimura; Senior Executive Vice President, Masatoshi Suzuki; Executive Vice President Consumer Marketing, Bunya Kumagai; Executive Vice President and CFO, Kazuto Tsubouchi; and Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kaoru Kato.We have four sets of documents for today's meeting. One, the earning release, number two the presentation slides, number three, the press release, which is entitled DoCoMo announces new customer satisfaction and CSR initiatives, and number four, the revised -- the pamphlet for the revision to the DoCoMo packet holder double package and other discount services.For today's meeting, Mr. Yamada will make a
NTT DoCoMo	of all, the President and CEO, Mr. Kaoru Kato; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Tsubouchi; also Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki; Executive Vice President responsible for Consumer Sales, Mr. Takashi Tanaka; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning department, Mr. Yoshizawa; and finally, Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Accounts and Finance department, Mr. Sato.We are using three sets of documents for today's meeting. One is the earning release. Secondly, we also have the presentation slides. And finally, we have a press release entitled &quot;NTT DOCOMO to Begin Prelaunch Operation of 150 megabits
NTT DoCoMo	Hirata will spend the first 15 minutes making a presentation on the results of the first quarter. After that we would like to move onto the Q&A session and we will try to finish this meeting at around 6 o'clock today.And also be advised that the risk factors of our business are contained in this slide and also on Form 20F filed with the SEC.Now Mr. Hirata please.MASAYUKI HIRATA, NTT DOCOMO, SENIOR EXECUTIVE AND VP: [translated]. I am Hirata. Thank you very much for your time today. I would like to explain the highlights of our financial results for the
NTT DoCoMo	from NTT DoCoMo. First, we have Mr. Ryuji Yamada, President and CEO. Also Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President. Next, Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Executive Vice President and Executive Vice President responsible for Consumer Marketing Mr. Bunya Kumagai. We also have Executive Vice President and CFO Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi. And we have Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Planning and Strategy Department Mr. Kaoru Kato.For today's meeting, we will be using two documents. One is the earning release and the other the presentation slides. These two documents are prepared for this meeting. Please confirm that you have
NTT DoCoMo	have the Executive Vice President for Accounts and Finance Department and CFO Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi. We also have Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department Mr. Kaoru Kato. And finally, we also have the Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Network Mr. Fumio Iwasaki.For today's meeting, we would like to use four sets of documents; the earnings release, and three sets of presentations, one entitled Great Eastern Japan Earthquake Damage and Restoration Status, New Disaster Preparedness Measures, and the Results for the Fiscal Year Ended March 2011 and the Principal Action Plan for the
NTT DoCoMo	Corporate Planning and Strategy department, Mr. Kaoru&Acirc;&nbsp;Kato; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Network division, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki; and also Executive Vice -- excuse me, Senior Vice President responsible for Consumer Marketing, Mr. Takashi Tanaka.For today's meeting we'll be using two sets of documents, one is the earnings release and the other one is the presentation slide for the fiscal year ended March 2012. For today we will begin with the presentation by Mr. Yamada followed by a Q&A session. We intend to finish this meeting at 6 o'clock sharp. Please also be advised that statements made during this
NTT DoCoMo	Good afternoon, I am Kato.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: We also have Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki.FUMIO IWASAKI, SENIOR EVP, NTT DOCOMO INC: Good afternoon, I am Iwasaki.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: We also have Executive Vice President responsible for consumer marketing Mr. Takashi Tanaka. We also have Executive Vice President, Managing Director of Corporate Planning and Strategy Department, Mr. Kazuhiro Yoshizawa. And also we have Managing Director of the Accounts and Finance Department, Mr. Hirotaka Sato.HIROTAKA SATO, MD ACCOUNTS AND FINANCE, NTT DOCOMO INC: Good afternoon to you. I am Sato.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: For today's
NTT DoCoMo	We also have Senior Executive Vice President Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura. We also have Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Executive Vice President; Executive Vice President for Consumer Marketing Mr. Bunya Kumagai; Executive Vice President and CFO Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi; and Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department Mr. Kaoru Kato.For today's meeting we will be using two sets of documents. One is the earning release and the other is the presentation slides. Please confirm that you have both of these documents. First of all, we would like to start this meeting with a presentation from Mr. Yamada,
NTT DoCoMo	Strategy and Planning Department.&nbsp;Let me confirm today's documents. We have six sets of documents. First we have the earnings release and three sets of presentations. One is the first quarter results of fiscal 2010. We have another set of documents called Our Aspirations Ahead. And another one entitled Launch LTE Service with a New Brand. We have two sets of press releases; one entitled DoCoMo announces new corporate vision, and another NTT DoCoMo announces Xi LTE Service Brand.For today we would like to start the meeting with a presentation from Mr. Yamada, President and CEO followed by a Q&A session.
NTT DoCoMo	Kaoru Kato, President and CEO; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki; Executive Vice President responsible for Consumer Sales, Mr. Takashi Tanaka; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Yoshizawa; and Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Accounts and Finance Department, Mr. Sato.We'll be using three set of documents for this meeting. One is the earnings release. The other one is the presentation slides for the financial results. And the other one is the press release entitled NTT Docomo to launch a public tender offer for
NTT DoCoMo	Yoshizawa; and finally, Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Finance and Accounts Division, Mr. Hirotaka Sato.We are using seven sets of documents for this meeting. One is the earning release, the other one is the presentation slides for the financial results, and a notice concerning difference in individual financial results compared to actual figures for the previous fiscal year results. And we are distributing four different sets of press releases. One concerning a notice of stock split adoption of unit share system and partial amendments to the Articles of Incorporation, another press release entitled DOCOMO Agrees to Invest in
NTT DoCoMo	DOCOMO: Good afternoon to you all.HIRO OKADO: We also have Mr. Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President.KIYOYUKI TSUJIMURA, SENIOR EVP, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon.HIRO OKADO: Senior Executive Vice President, Masatoshi Suzuki; Executive Vice President responsible for consumer sales, Mr. Bunya Kumagai; Managing Director for Accounts and Finance Department and CFO, Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi, and finally Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kato.As for the documents to be used for today's session, we have two sets of documents, one is the Kessan Tanshin earning release and the other is the slide, the presentation slide. Please confirm that you have
NTT DoCoMo	for the documents to be used for today's session, we have two sets of documents, one is the Kessan Tanshin earning release and the other is the slide, the presentation slide. Please confirm that you have two sets of documents.As for today's meeting, you will immediately have a presentation from Mr. Yamada followed by a Q&A session. We intend to finish this meeting at 6 o'clock sharp.Please be advised that this session may contain forward-looking statements also in the Q&A session and for the risk factors please see the slide and also Form 20F filed with the SCC of the
NTT DoCoMo	introduce today's participants from NTT DoCoMo. We have Mr. Ryuji Yamada, President & CEO; Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President. Good afternoon. Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Executive Vice President; Mr. Bunya Kumagai, Executive Vice President responsible for Consumer Marketing; Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi, Executive Vice President for Finance and Accounts Department and CFO and Executive Vice President for Corporate Strategy and Marketing -- Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kaoru Kato.We have three sets of documents for today's meeting. One, the earnings release, the second, the presentation material and thirdly, we also have a pack -- a press release entitled 'DoCoMo
NTT DoCoMo	Ryuji Yamada, President and CEO. We have Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President. We also have Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Executive Vice President. Mr. Bunya Kumagai; Executive Vice President for Consumer Marketing. Kazuto Tsubouchi, Executive Vice President and CFO. Mr. Kaoru Kato, Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department.For today's meeting we have prepared two sets of documents, the earning release and the presentation slides. Please confirm that you have the full set of documents. For this meeting at the outset we would like to have a presentation by Mr. Yamada and then we
NTT DoCoMo	President and CFO, Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kaoru Kato; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Network division, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki; and, finally, we have Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President and Consumer -- responsible for Consumer Marketing, Mr. Takashi Tanaka.We will be using five sets of documents for this meeting. We have the earning release and two sets of presentation, one entitled -- one for the presentation -- one for the financial results for the first three quarters and the other one entitled Response to the Series
NTT DoCoMo	Tsubouchi; Senior Executive Vice President, Fumio Iwasaki; Executive Vice President, responsible for consumer marketing, Mr. Takashi Tanaka; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Planning and Strategy Department, Mr. Kazuhiro Yoshizawa; Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Finance and Accounts Department, Mr. Hirotaka Sato.For today's meeting we will be using three sets of documents which are distributed to you, the earning release, the presentation slides, as well as the press release. Please confirm that you have the full set of documents.For today's meeting we would like to start with a presentation from Mr. Kaoru Kato based on the
NTT DoCoMo	the presentation document which is the slide projected here, and the third document is the press release entitled 'The Spring Campaign for 2008' which is available only in Japanese.For today's meeting, at the outset we would like to have Mr. Hirata make a presentation and then we will move on to the Q&A session. We would like to finish this meeting slightly after 6 o'clock.For the business risks relating to forward-looking statements please see the slide and also Form 20-F filed with the SEC of the United States.Now without further ado, we would like to start the presentation. Mr. Hirata,
NTT DoCoMo	Mr. Masao Nakamura, the President and CEO. We also have Mr. Utano, Managing Director of Research & Development division; Mr. Tsujimura, Product & Services division Managing Director; Mr. Futatsugi, Managing Director of Network division; Mr. Kumagai, Managing Director of Marketing division; and Mr. Ito, Managing Director of Corporate Strategy & Planning department; and Mr. Tsubouchi, Managing Director of Accounts & Finance department.We have three sets of documents for this meeting. One is the earning release [Tanshin] document, the other is the presentation slides. We also have four sets of press releases. One relates to the merge with regional subsidiaries, another
NTT DoCoMo	&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&iuml;&frac14;&copy;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&auml;&raquo;&yen;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&iuml;&frac14;&copy;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x17d]&sect;&eacute;[TM]&curren;&eacute;&iexcl;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&deg;&atilde;o&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&ccedil;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&aelig;&copy;Y&atilde;&reg;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&auml;&raquo;&pound;&eacute;++'&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&sup1;...&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;&ordm;--&eacute;&nbsp;&shy;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;&ordm;--&eacute;&nbsp;&shy;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;o&auml;&cedil;++&aring;++&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&aelig;&reg;&micro;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;?&aring;&reg;Y&aring;&pound;&sup2;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe? &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x160]&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;?&aring;&reg;Y&aring;&pound;&sup2;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;?[#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;&reg;Y&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aelig;?&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;??&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&aring;&deg;?&atilde;--&aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&aring;&reg;&sup1;&egrave;&micro;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&aring;&shy;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;?&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&aelig;-&sup1;&aring;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;?[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&para;&auml;&ordm;[0/00]&aring;[#x160][#x203a]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aelig;OE&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&iquest;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[0/00]&ccedil;&middot;&copy;&aring;'OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;&shy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&reg;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;?&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&egrave;&uml;&shy;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;?&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2dc]&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&uml;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;&macr;&quot;&egrave;&frac14;[#x192]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&sup1;...&atilde;&ordf;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&shy;OE&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&shy;&aelig;&sup3;o &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aring;[0/00]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aelig;-&frac12;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&aelig;&copy;Y&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;?&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&para;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;&sect;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&frac34;OE&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac34;&aring;&shy;[#x2dc]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&aring;...[#x192]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;?&deg;&aring;&shy;?&atilde;?&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;[0/00]?&aring;?[#x192]&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;?&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;?&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;??&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;?OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&iuml;&frac12;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&aelig;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x201a]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]++&aelig;?&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&iuml;&frac12;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&frac14;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&ccedil;&cedil;&frac34;&atilde;&reg;&aring;...&uml;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&eacute;o&middot;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;o&middot;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x160]&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;&micro;OE&aring;-&para;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;...+&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;&micro;OE&aring;-&para;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&curren;&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;??&atilde;?&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;--&yen;&ccedil;&frac34;&aring;oe&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&aring;?&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&curren;&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a]?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&curren;&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?[#x160]&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++'&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&curren;?&aring;[#x2039]o&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&deg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&ccedil;?&cedil;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;o&deg;&aring;[#x192]&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++?&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&aelig;&iexcl;[#x2c6]&atilde;OE&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&eacute;o&middot;&aelig;oeY&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&ccedil;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;?&aelig;&yen;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&ccedil;?&cedil;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161]+&aelig;&sect;?&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;?&quot;&eacute;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&aring;?&curren;&aelig;-&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++?&aring;?&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;?&aelig;&yen;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&iquest;[#x20ac]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc]?&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x203a]&cedil;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&auml;&cedil;&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;[#x192]...&aring;&nbsp;&plusmn;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;OE&egrave;&micro;&middot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;&shy;&pound;&aring;&frac14;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++'&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&yen;&aelig;oeY&auml;&raquo;&yen;&eacute;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&macr;&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&egrave;++&ordf;&egrave;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;OE&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;-&frac12;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;&macr;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&aelig;?&sect;&atilde;OE&aring;&aring;?+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;?&laquo;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x160]&ordf;&aring;[#x160]?&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&auml;&frac12;[TM]&aring;oe&deg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2c6]&egrave;&curren;++&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;?&ordm;&egrave;&uml;?&egrave;[#x20ac]...&iuml;&frac14;[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x203a]&cedil;&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;o&eacute;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&aring;&deg;+&aelig;&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;&iquest;--&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&eacute;?&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;&reg;&micro;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aring;[#x2c6]--&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac12;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[#x161]&auml;&iquest;&iexcl; &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac12;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[#x2c6]+&eacute;[#x203a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;?&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;--&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&eacute;-&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;OE&atilde;?&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;??&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]+&eacute;?&cent;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]?&auml;&cedil;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;?&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&ordf;&sup2;&eacute;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&macr;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?[#x201a]&ccedil;?&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;oe[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;??&atilde;--&atilde;OE&eacute;++&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;?&atilde;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&ccedil;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&aelig;&copy;Y&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&aelig;&aring;&curren;&plusmn;&atilde;OE&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&ccedil;&quot;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;?&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&atilde;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&ccedil;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aring;?&uml;&aring;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;[0/00]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;oe&uml;&aring;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17e][#x2039]&atilde;OE&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&aring;&macr;&frac34;&aring;++&brvbar;&atilde;?'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&macr;?&aring;?&sup2;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;&reg;?&aelig;...[#x2039]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;?&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&macr;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;?&not;&aelig;[0/00]?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;--&atilde;?&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x192][TM]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;?&atilde;OE&atilde;?&atilde;?&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;?&eacute;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2039]&not;&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;?&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;?&laquo;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;?&macr;&aelig;[0/00]o&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;-&sup1;&aelig;&sup3;o&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;OE&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2039]&not;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;o&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...&uml;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2039]&not;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;&curren;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&egrave;&brvbar;[#x161]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;?&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;?&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;?&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;?&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;?&middot;&atilde;&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&aelig;oe[0/00]&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&pound;&egrave;...&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;&micro;&cedil;&eacute;[#x20ac]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&reg;?&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&deg;?&atilde;--&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&aring;?&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;OE&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;[#x203a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;?&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x203a]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&aring;&iquest;oe&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;+&atilde;--&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&egrave;&ordf;&sup2;&eacute;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;oe&uml;&aring;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;-&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;-&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aring;oe&uml;&aring;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&iquest;...&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;?&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&atilde;OE&aelig;&copy;Y&ccedil;&uml;&reg;&aring;?&yen;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&iquest;[#x192]&aelig;&middot;&iexcl;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;&aelig;?&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&middot;&middot;&aring;oe&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aelig;&quot;&sup1;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]?&egrave;?[#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]?&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;?&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aelig;&cedil;...&egrave;&iexcl;? &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;??&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;o+&aring;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac14;&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&ccedil;?&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;?++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&eacute;o&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x2039]&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac12;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;[TM]&raquo;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;?&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;o&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&egrave;?&frac12;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&iquest;[#x192]&aelig;&middot;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&iquest;[#x192]&aelig;&middot;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;'&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&auml;&cedil;++&aring;++&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&para;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;?&pound;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&aring;...&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;[#x161]&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&aring;...&uml;&eacute;?&uml;&aelig;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x17e]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;?&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;?&sect;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;'&deg;&aring;&cent;?&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[#x2039][0/00]&aring;&frac14;&middot;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac12;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;?[#x20ac]&aring;[#x161]&auml;&iquest;&iexcl; &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;+&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&atilde;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&brvbar;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&egrave;&ordf;&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&egrave;&sect;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;'&atilde;OE&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;oe?&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;o&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&aelig;[TM]?&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&eacute;&copy;&aelig;-&deg;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&uml;&eacute;&pound;[#x203a]&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;OE&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&atilde;[#x20ac]...&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&ccedil;&frac34;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&aelig;[#x2039]&reg;&aelig;[#x160]--&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&macr;&quot;&ccedil;?++&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;[#x2039]?&atilde;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;OE&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&eacute;?&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&brvbar;[#x201a]&aelig;?&not;&ccedil;[#x161]?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[TM]&aring;[0/00]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&aelig;Y&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;?&aelig;oe&not;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac12;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[#x161]&auml;&iquest;&iexcl; &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;?&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]?&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x2c6]--&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &auml;&cedil;?&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&egrave;&uml;&sup3;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac34;OE&aring;[#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;&sect;&eacute;-[#x2039]&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;[#x160]o&aring;...&yen;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&aring;?&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;?&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x17d]Y&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&macr;&aring;&plusmn;&aelig;[#x20ac]&yen;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&ordf;&sup2;&eacute;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;?&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;[#x160]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&aring;?Y&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&uml;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aring;&middot;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]&yen;&aring;?-&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&ccedil;&sup2;[#x203a]&atilde;?...&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x17d]Y&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;'&auml;&cedil;++&aring;++&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&frac34;...&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&shy;&deg;&egrave;&laquo;-&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;[#x160]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x2039]&egrave;&cedil;&atilde;&iquest;&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;?&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&shy;&quot;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&shy;&quot;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?--&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x201e]&iexcl;&ccedil;&middot;[#x161]&iuml;&frac14;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;?&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2dc]&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]?&auml;&cedil;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;&deg;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&shy;&quot;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;&ccedil;[#x203a]?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;?&aelig;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x160]&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aelig;&cedil;?&egrave;&iexcl;OE &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;?&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&shy;&quot;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;o&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;?&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192]--&aring;OE-&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&micro;&plusmn;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&frac34;&atilde;[#x20ac]...&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;+?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;?&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&ccedil;&para;[TM]&ccedil;&para;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x2c6]&yen;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;?&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;?&copy;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;--&yen;&aelig;oe&not;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?&aelig;--&yen;&aelig;oe&not;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&micro;&middot;&aring;&curren;-&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&deg;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]+&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;OE&atilde;'&aring;?+&atilde;OE&aring;&deg;&atilde;o&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;[#x160]oe&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;?[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a]?&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&ccedil;&cedil;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x17d]&sup3;&aring;&macr;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&egrave;&frac14;[#x192]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;&sect;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&aring;oeY&auml;&iquest;&micro;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&egrave;&frac14;[#x192]&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&aelig;oe&not;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;[#x17d]&sup3;&aring;&macr;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&egrave;&frac14;[#x192]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&frac34;&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&egrave;&copy;o&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;o&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;-&cent;&auml;&iquest;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&nbsp;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&brvbar;&atilde;?&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&not;&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&iuml;&frac12;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac12;?&iuml;&frac12;[#x2dc]&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&brvbar;&atilde;?&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;?&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&aring;OE-&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&ccedil;?[#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&eacute;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;o&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;[#x160]&egrave;&iquest;'&atilde;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;[#x17d]Y&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;OE&aring;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&egrave;&iquest;'&atilde;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;OE&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;[#x17d][#x2039]&eacute;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&eacute;-[#x2039]&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&eacute;&pound;[#x203a]&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;OE&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&iquest;&frac12;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&macr;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&ccedil;[#x161]?&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&egrave;&iquest;&frac12;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&macr;&egrave;?&frac12;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;?&atilde;??&aelig;&cedil;...&egrave;&iexcl;? &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;?&aring;[#x203a]?&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&aelig;?&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;&curren;oe&egrave;&uml;[#x17d]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;?[#x160]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;??&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;?&uml;&aelig;oeY&atilde;&sect;&aelig;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&aring;OE-&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;?&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;?&aelig;OE++&aelig;'[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&ccedil;&shy;[#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]?&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&ccedil;&shy;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;&middot;&yen;&aring;&curren;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;&eacute;?&middot;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&micro;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&middot;&yen;&aring;&curren;&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;...&plusmn;&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&aring;OE-&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac34;OE&aring;[#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac14;&frac14;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&sect;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;&cedil;...&egrave;&iexcl;OE &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;OE&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;o&middot;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;+&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aelig;--&copy;&atilde;&aring;&reg;Y&ccedil;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac]?&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;?[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]++&aelig;?&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;?&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;?[#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;?'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;?++&aelig;[#x2dc]&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;?&cent;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&eacute;-&quot;&eacute;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&aelig;[0/00]&iquest;&ccedil;Y&yen;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&cedil;-&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;&brvbar;&aelig;oe[#x203a]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;...&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&aelig;--&copy;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&egrave;&brvbar;&ccedil;&acute;&nbsp;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&sup2;&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;&macr;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;&reg;&para;&aring;&ordm;&shy;&aring;+...&atilde;&sect;&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x2dc]&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&nbsp;&aelig;oe[0/00]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&egrave;&micro;&middot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&aring;&cent;--&egrave;&uml;&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;[TM]&aring;[#x201e][#x20ac]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&egrave;&micro;&middot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&middot;&copy;&aring;'OE&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&raquo;&frac12;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&iquest;...&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&pound;oe&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&frac12;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&eacute;-&quot;&eacute;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&ccedil;&middot;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;[#x160]o&aring;...&yen;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&sup1;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]++&aelig;[#x2dc]&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&deg;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&eacute;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&aring;'&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]--&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo; &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;o&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&auml;&sup1;...&atilde;--&atilde;&para;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;OE&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;...&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;++&ordf;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&egrave;&sup2;&middot;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]+&aelig;[#x17e]&aring;o&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;OE&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&auml;&raquo;&yen;&aring;&curren;-&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&frac34;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&aring;[#x17d]&raquo;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&aring;&deg;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;&pound;&aring;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&aelig;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;OE&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;&reg;[#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&sect;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&auml;&frac14;'&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;&micro;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&atilde;Y&atilde;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&eacute;[#x203a]+&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&cedil;&deg;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&egrave;&sup2;&middot;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;oe&atilde;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&reg;[0/00]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;OE&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&reg;&eacute;...&aring;&frac12;&quot;&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&aring;'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;oe&atilde;&sup2;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&auml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&aelig;OE++&aelig;'[#x2dc]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x161]+&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;...&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&ccedil;Y&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&atilde;+&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x161]+&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&frac14;&plusmn;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&macr;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&frac14;&plusmn;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&eacute;&nbsp;'&aring;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe&not;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;Y&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&reg;[0/00]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&reg;[0/00]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;...&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&frac14;&middot;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&eacute;...&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;++&ordf;&aring;&middot;&plusmn;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&aring;-&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x161]&ccedil;&para;[#x161]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;++&uml;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&aelig;[#x2c6]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&sup3;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&auml;&cedil;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x2c6]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[#x20ac]Y&eacute;++'&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;[0/00]o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;oe&atilde;&sup2;&atilde;&quot;&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;&sup3;o&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;OE&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;[0/00]&aelig;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;&yen;&atilde;[#x20ac]...&aelig;oeY&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;&curren;&sect;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x17d]&atilde;OE&egrave;&micro;&middot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&frac34;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;[#x161]+&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&para;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aring;oe&deg;&aring;YY&atilde;OE&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&aring;&aring;[#x2c6]+&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x161]+&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&para;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&para;&egrave;&shy;&deg;&egrave;&laquo;-&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;oe&atilde;&sup2;&atilde;&quot;&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;...&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo; &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&auml;&sup1;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;'&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&reg;[#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;OE&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;Y&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&aelig;[TM]&reg;&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo; &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;+&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;
NTT DoCoMo	sets of press releases. One relates to the merge with regional subsidiaries, another DoCoMo (inaudible) a business transfer, which is only available in Japanese. We also have a notice of a corporate shareholder resolution, and one other regarding the organizational structure reform of NTT DoCoMo, which again is available only in Japanese.We would immediately move to Mr. Nakamura's presentation from here and then we would like to take your questions. We plan to finish this meeting shortly after six o'clock. Please also be advised that there are some risks related to our presentations and also those answers made during the
NTT DoCoMo	website later.Now I would like to introduce the participants from NTT Docomo. First of all we have the President and CEO, Mr. Kaoru Kato.KAORU KATO, PRESIDENT, CEO, NTT DOCOMO INC: Good afternoon, I am Kato.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: We also have Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. We also have another Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki.FUMIO IWASAKI, SENIOR EVP, CHIEF PRIVACY OFFICER, CHIEF INFORMATION SECURITY OFFICER, NTT DOCOMO INC: Good afternoon, I am Iwasaki.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: And Executive Vice President responsible for consumer sales, Mr. Takashi Tanaka.TAKASHI TANAKA, EVP, NTT DOCOMO INC: I am Tanaka.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: Executive Vice
NTT DoCoMo	other one is the press release entitled &quot;NTT DoCoMo to offer new flat rate telecommunications billing plans.&quot;As for today's meeting schedule, first of all we would like to have Mr. Hirata to make a presentation at the outset, which will be followed by a Q&A session. We will try to finish this meeting at around six o'clock.Please also be advised that this meeting may contain forward-looking statements including those made in the Q&A session. And for the potential risks, please see the slide and also Form 20-F filed with the SEC.Now, without further ado, I would like to have Mr.
NTT DoCoMo	change in the division or structure to reinforce -- to establish a new division to reinforce corporate branding. And we have another Japanese document announcing the change in executive positions.Now, we -- after my brief introduction, I will like to have Mr. Hirata begin the presentation and then we would like to entertain your questions. And we will try to finish the session by -- shortly after 18 o'clock. And please be advised that this slide here and also Form 20-F describes the risk factors pertaining to our business.Now without further ado, we will like to start the presentation. Mr.
NTT DoCoMo	is the presentation of the announcement -- the results. Also the earnings release. And we have two sets of press releases. One is entitled NTT DoCoMo to Reorganize Eight Regional Subsidiaries. And the other one is entitled NTT DoCoMo to Introduce New Handset Purchase Methods and Billing Plan. Please confirm that you have all these documents.For today's agenda, Mr. Nakamura will start off with a presentation, which will be followed by a Q&A session. We would like to finish this meeting at around slightly past 6 o'clock and I hope to have your cooperation for that.And also there are some
Du Pont (E.I.)	Officer; and Jim Borel, Group Vice President of DuPont Production Agriculture Businesses.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this call, and you can access it through our website, dupont.com. We will be using slides today, which are posted on the website along with the news release that was issued earlier today.I invite you to turn to slide 2. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees
Du Pont (E.I.)	sound quality. If you have additional questions, you may reenter the queue. Please note that this conference is being recorded. To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Madam, you may begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, DUPONT: Okay, thank you Dawn. Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, CEO, Jeff Keefer, Chief Financial Officer and Jim Borel, Group Vice President of DuPont's Production Ag Businesses. The slides for today's call can
Du Pont (E.I.)	strategic alternatives for our Performance Chemicals segment.With me are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO. The slides for today's presentations can be found on our website, along with our news releases.Please note that we also posted a new document on our website this morning containing our second-quarter segment performance and outlook, commentary, and slides. We normally present this information on the call, but by posting this document on our Web, we can use that time to review our other announcements and take your questions.During the course of this conference call, we will make
Du Pont (E.I.)	the remaining time to answer your questions.&nbsp;As a reminder, this call is being webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only mode. Another call is scheduled for 10:15 eastern standard time this morning to respond to questions from the media. During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance. But involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion
Du Pont (E.I.)	use our remaining time to answer your questions. As a reminder, this call is being Webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only basis. A separate call is scheduled for 10:15 Eastern Standard Time today to respond to questions from the media.During the course of this conference call we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a
Du Pont (E.I.)	our agenda is a review of our 2006 second-quarter performance by Jeff. Next I'll take you through a review of performance for each of our segments during the quarter and how we see the coming quarter. After that Chad will share with you his insights on our second quarter, our strategic focus and outlook for the remainder of 2006. We'll then use our remaining time to answer your questions.I've asked Erik to join us today for the Q&A session because we made several key announcements during the quarter concerning advances of our pipeline and also because this quarter marks the
Du Pont (E.I.)	see the coming quarter. After that, Chad will share with you his insights on our third quarter, our strategic focus and outlook for the remainder of this year. We will then use the remaining time to answer your questions.As a reminder, this call is being webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only basis. Our separate call is scheduled for 10:15 AM this morning Eastern Time to respond to questions from the media.During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although
Du Pont (E.I.)	to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.&nbsp;I'd like to call your attention to the additional materials released this morning with our earnings release that are also posted on our website. We hope that you find them helpful to better understand our business performance. Also I'd like to highlight a point that was included in the IR quarterly note that we sent out and posted on our website last week regarding our disclosure beginning this quarter of only reported GAAP earnings in our earnings release. Over the
Du Pont (E.I.)	quarter performance and our outlook. After that Chad will share with you his remarks regarding our actions to accelerate growth. And Gary will also address the details behind our $5 billion share repurchase program and we'll leave about 30 minutes to answer your questions. As a reminder this call is being Webcast and is open to the media on an listen-only basis. A separate call is scheduled for 10:30 this morning ET to respond to questions from the media.During the course of this conference call we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future
Du Pont (E.I.)	morning, and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, CFO.The slides for today's call can be found on our website at DuPont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today. Please turn to slide one. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for
Du Pont (E.I.)	current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.Before Gary covers the financial results, here are a few observations about the 3rd quarter. DuPont delivered 3rd quarter earnings per share of $0.25 before special items, modestly exceeding our 3rd quarter outlook. This compares to $0.13 on the same basis last year, a 92% increase. Three factors drove earnings growth in the 3rd quarter: Positive pricing, strong volume
Du Pont (E.I.)	guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.&nbsp;Before Gary covers the financial results, I would like to start with these summary highlights to aid your understanding of our fourth quarter and full year results. 2004 marks the completion of the six-year structural transformation of DuPont. With the INVISTA separation behind us, our highest priority is delivering results from executing our three strategies: putting our science to work, going where the growth is,
Du Pont (E.I.)	statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.Before we get into our first quarter performance I'd like to mention a few points. First, in the materials posted on our website and released this morning, we included for first the time a quarterly summary that highlights our first quarter performance. We provided this as an aid to understanding our performance. And while we
Du Pont (E.I.)	we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide two for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our
Du Pont (E.I.)	pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Karen, you may begin.KAREN FLETCHER, VP, IR, E. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND CO: Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO. Nick Fanandakis, CFO, and Jim Borel, Executive Vice President. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at dupont.com along with the news release that was issued earlier today. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to Slide 2 for our disclaimers. All
Du Pont (E.I.)	you may begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP, IR, DUPONT: Okay. Thank you, John. Good morning and welcome, everyone.With me today are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO.The slides for today's call can be found on our website at DuPont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide two for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are
Du Pont (E.I.)	investor relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;KAREN FLETCHER, VP - IR, DUPONT: Thanks, John. Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Nick Fanandakis , Chief Financial Officer. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at dupont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today. Please turn to slide one. During the course of this conference call we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are
Du Pont (E.I.)	this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, CFO. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at DuPont. com along with the news release that was issued earlier today. Please turn to slide one. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of
Du Pont (E.I.)	you, John. Good morning, and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; and Nick Fanandakis, CFO. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at DuPont.com along with the news release that was issued earlier this morning. If you look at slide one, during the conference call, we will make forward-looking statements.All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC
Du Pont (E.I.)	found on our website at DuPont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, so I direct you to slide 1 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to
Du Pont (E.I.)	Relations. Karen, you may begin.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thanks, John. Good morning and welcome, everyone. With me today are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO; and our incoming VP of Investor Relations, Carl Lukach.The slides for today's call can be found on our website along with a news release that was issued earlier today. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements and I direct you to slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect
Du Pont (E.I.)	morning, everyone. Welcome. Thank you for joining us today for DuPont's first-quarter 2003 (sic-see press release &quot;2013&quot;) performance call with investors. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jim Borel, Executive Vice President of our Ag and Nutrition & Health segments.The slides for today's presentation can be found on our website along with the news release we issued this morning. During the course of this conference call we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections
Du Pont (E.I.)	period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may now begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, E. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY: Thank you, Curtis. Good morning and welcome. I'm pleased to be hosting this call. With me this morning are Chad Holliday, Chairman and CEO, Ellen Kullman, President and CEO-designate, and Jeff Keefer, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us is Jim Borel, Group Vice President of DuPont's agriculture business,
Du Pont (E.I.)	posted on the website, along with the press release that we issued this morning. I invite you to turn to slide two.During the course of this conference call we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and
Du Pont (E.I.)	queue. To listen to the webcast please go to www.duPont.com.&nbsp;It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thank you, John. Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, CEO, and Jeff Keefer, CFO. The slides for today's call can be found on our website, DuPont. com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today.Please turn to slide two. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about
Du Pont (E.I.)	listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP, IR, DUPONT: Thank you, John. Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, CEO; Jeff Keefer, CFO and Nick Fanandakis, CFO-Designate.The slides for today's call can be found on our Web site at dupont.com along with the news release that was issued earlier today. Please turn to slide two. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking
Du Pont (E.I.)	forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website.And, finally,
Du Pont (E.I.)	welcome, everyone. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, EVP and CFO. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at dupont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide two for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you
Du Pont (E.I.)	news release that was issued earlier today.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide two for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions.We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you review the reconciliations to
Du Pont (E.I.)	website outlining the key focus points of our plan and I invite you to read it. The bottom line is DuPont today is on a springboard for growth from new science, new products and new markets. I will discuss this later in today's call. But also I want you to attend our upcoming meeting on March 14 for investors. We will introduce in our press release today and we will explain our acceleration plans in more detail. Let me now turn the call over to Carl to kick things off.CARL LUKASH, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, DUPONT: Okay, thank you, Chad. I
Du Pont (E.I.)	our web site, DuPont.com, we will be using slides today. Please turn to slide two.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We also will refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer the
Du Pont (E.I.)	my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining today's webcast covering DuPont's first quarter 2008 financial results and outlook. With me today are Chad Holliday, Chairman and CEO, Jeff Keefer, Chief Financial Officer, Ellen Kullman, Executive Vice President and Head of Sales and Marketing and Robert Fry from our economist office.In addition to our normal report on the quarter, we have asked Ellen to cover what we are hearing in
Du Pont (E.I.)	Sir, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;CARL LUKACH, VP-IR, DUPONT: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining today's webcast covering DuPont's second quarter 2008 financial results and outlook. We apologize for the 10-minute delayed start this morning due to some technical difficulties on our phone lines. I'll remind you that a replay of today's call is available afterwards on our website. So let's get started. With me today are Chad Holliday, Chairman and CEO of Dupont; Jeff Keefer, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Borel, Group Vice President of Dupont's Production Agriculture businesses. Since growth in agriculture
Du Pont (E.I.)	agriculture, we have asked Jim to join the call and share with you his insights on his businesses and their performance in the quarter and outlook.But first, the administrative items. For those of you accessing this call through our website, dupont.com, we will be using slides today. Please turn to Slide 2. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We
Du Pont (E.I.)	for joining us to cover DuPont's third-quarter 2013 performance. Joining me are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO.The slides for today's presentation can be found on our website along with our news release. Please note that we also posted our third-quarter segment performance slides and outlook commentary this morning.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not
Du Pont (E.I.)	the strong performance for Ag & Nutrition platform, and also cover the outlook for next quarter and next year. Then I will come in and cover the four other DuPont platforms performance, and how we see the coming quarter. After that Chad will share with you his insights on our fourth quarter, and on our outlook for the total company for 2007. I will then use the remaining time to answer your questions.As a reminder this call is being webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only mode basis. A separate call is scheduled for 10:15 Eastern Standard
Du Pont (E.I.)	Chief Innovation Officer and Executive Vice President for Electronics & Communications Technology platform.&nbsp;For our agenda today, first Jeff will review our first quarter results, then next we'll move to our platforms. For this quarter, we've asked Ellen and Tom to cover the performance of their platforms. After which, I'll cover our remaining platforms, including our Pharmaceutical income, Cozaar. After that, Chad will share with you his summary comments.Please turn to slide two. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or expectations about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect
Du Pont (E.I.)	will cover our remaining platforms. After that, Chad will share with you his summary comments.&nbsp;Let me take care of a few administrative items. Please turn to slide two. During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We
Du Pont (E.I.)	Please turn to slide two.&nbsp;During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements and addressed expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements although they reflect our current expectations these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially.We also invite you to please see the supplemental information we have posted on our website this morning, including the slides that we will use with
Diageo PLC	believe all demonstrate the strength of the business that we've worked hard to create in the last three years. Also in this period, we've delivered improved returns to our shareholders with a further 256 million pounds of on market share repurchases, and you will have noted a 7 percent increase in the interim dividend.So with that introduction, what I think is most productive is now to turn it over to your questions.OPERATOR: (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Ricky Sandler (ph).RICKY SANDLER, ANALYST: Can you guys just talk about based on where the equity markets are and your funded status on the pension is
Diageo PLC	share gains from our well managed brands and effective routes to market. And that's underpinned by our scale as the world's leading premium drinks company. In addition, in the current environment, we are benefitting from the positive impact of exchange rate movements. And this is why I think it likely to continue into the next financial year.We will continue to invest in this business. Marketing activity behind our core premium brands is up. Our innovation pipeline is bringing some of our most successful brand launches to market. And we continue to build our scale in emerging markets.The organizational review we
Diageo PLC	media-read deflation and spend behind ready-to-print brands was reduced. Operating margins improved a further 40 basis points.We've generated strong free cash flow and returned GBP879 million to shareholders, while maintaining our strong financial position. And again, we have increased our interim dividend by 5%. Our brand additions, Ketel One Vodka, Rosenblum Cellars, and Zacapa Rum increased reported net sales by GBP97 million.If we move to the regions now, in North America, as a result of consumers switching to premium and standard brands, we changed our focus. In the Super and Ultra Premium segments, we focused spend on Ciroc and Don
Diageo PLC	markets delivering top line growth of between 7% and 17%.Investment behind our priority brands and the introduction of new brands, which broaden our brand offering and build our routes to market, are the key drivers of growth in International. We continue to invest heavily behind our brands with marketing spend again up in line with sales. Focus is on the fastest growing markets, with spend in Europe down 7% but up in International by 24%, and on the priority brands with spend on Johnnie Walker, for example, up over 25%.Taken together, these actions delivered net sales growth of 5%, further
Diageo PLC	we have delivered strong top-line growth driven by focus on our premium brands, and a superior route to market for spirits in the US. We continue to outperform this growing market, registering volume share gains of 40 basis points across our spirits portfolio, with our premium brands drawing volume share by 1.2 percentage points. Great brands and great marketing are driving strong growth for our beer brands, whilst in wine we now have a significant and growing presence in the profitable premium wine segment.In Europe, where the market dynamics are tough, we have created a more cost-efficient organization, and we've
Diageo PLC	we have faced. Consequently, we have delivered on our guidance with 7% organic operating profit growth. This organic growth, together with the buyback program, has resulted in double-digit underlying EPS growth.In addition to delivering top and bottom-line growth, we target strong free cash flow. This year we have generated almost &pound;1.4 billion of cash. Our focus on shareholder returns means that between our increased share buyback and dividend payments of over &pound;860 million, we have returned &pound;2.25 billion to our shareholders this year. This represents a 9% cash yield and total shareholder return in the year of 19%. We have
Diageo PLC	of proven marketing campaigns and stronger execution of on-and-off trade sales programs, topline growth has been achieved across the business, with net sales up 8% for spirits, 11% for beer, 7% for wine, and 3% for ready to drink.The priority spirits brands continued to perform strongly, especially Smirnoff, Captain Morgan, and Jose Cuervo -- all brands that had double-digit net sales growth.Diageo's premium beer brands continue to broaden their consumer appeal through effective advertising campaigns and targeted product placement.In wine, following the acquisition in February 2005, Chalone has provided an additional [growth edge], and the performance of that business is
Diageo PLC	the organic volume number? In North America, sorry.PAUL WALSH: Okay we - will --.NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Smirnoff, excluding RPD, i.e. the new products in North America, was actually flat in volume terms, and that was principally because, as I think you know, on the introduction of our new packaging, we took a fairly significant price increase which has somewhat held back the volume, but in net sales value terms, it was up 5%. So, excluding RPDs, it would be 0% on volume and 5% on [MSV].ANN CURTAIN: Okay. And then can -- staying in North America, can I
Diageo PLC	environment where price increases are more difficult to achieve, we have continued to pursue a value over volume strategy and we continue to implement price increases where possible.We have achieved a further 30 basis points of organic operating margin improvement, and this is the fifth successive year where we have improved our margin.We have improved our return on invested capital by a further 1.4 percentage points to 14.5%.Unfortunately, as Nick will explain in detail, EPS growth has been constrained by foreign exchange movements which cost us 5 percentage points in EPS growth.Our underlying performance supports our most important objective, which
Diageo PLC	have Deirdre Mahlan, our CFO designate, with us.As we expected, the year brought both challenges and opportunities, characterized by the mixed performance of the global economy. In developed markets, there has been a fragile and uncertain recovery. Consumers continue to search for value in their discretionary spend, and to shift from the on to the off trade. In contrast, there was continued strength in the developing markets of Latin America and Africa, the developing markets in Asia-Pacific recovered, and, in Europe, Russia returned to growth.Given the trading pattern of the previous year, we knew that the first half would be
Diageo PLC	implemented strict control of COGS and also production overheads, and that will certainly serve us well for the future. And we've invested in our developing markets.We enhanced our financial strength, which as you know is very important to me, and cash flow was exceptionally strong over at over GBP2 billion.Our return on invested capital improved once again, and in addition to all of this, we found, I think, a very innovative funding structure to address our pension deficit.There are many examples of great innovation and marketing which have resulted in share gains for our brands in about two-thirds of our
Diageo PLC	a consistent level of both top and bottom line growth.&nbsp;This is the first time we've reported our results using the regional organization we introduced in October 2004. We believe that this new organization improves our focus, and further improves the clarity of our reporting. Our performance in North America is strong, both by comparison with the spirits industry, and certainly in comparison with the wider consumer goods universe.We are encouraged by our performance in the US, and believe it demonstrates the strength of our business model based, as it is, on an advantaged route to market, coupled with truly leading
Diageo PLC	goods universe. We increased share in the spirits, wine, and beer categories, as well as in the ready-to-drink segment. We are encouraged by these results, and believe our performance demonstrates the strength of our business model, based on an advantage route to market and leading brand.As you know, in Europe, the consumer environment is far more challenging. However, we are managing our cost base effectively and, as a result, have improved our margins and delivered organic profit growth.Bailey's had another great Christmas in Great Britain. The (indiscernible) smoking ban implemented in Ireland in 2004 had a huge impact on the
Diageo PLC	CFO. Deirdre will take you through the results that we released this morning in more detail and then I'll review the trends we have seen and the investments that we've made in the half. Our four regional presidents, Ivan Menezes, Andrew Morgan, Stuart Fletcher and Gilbert Ghostine and, Andy Fennell, our Chief Marketing Officer, will then join the two of us to take your questions.We are building momentum across the clear majority of our markets, double-digit growth in International, stronger performance in North America and an improving top-and bottom-line growth in Asia Pacific. The global economic recovery is uneven and
Diageo PLC	Stuart Fletcher, Ivan Menezes, Andrew Morgan and Gilbert Ghostine. We also have Andy Fennell, our chief marketing officer, with us too.As we expected, this was a challenging six months. Economic and consumer trends in many markets, remained weak. And in addition, as you know, we had a tough comparison against Q1. However, while our results today reflect these headwinds, they also reflect our strengths. Nick will take you through our performance in more detail, in a moment, but here are the headlines.Organic net sales were down 6% in Q1, yet up 2% in Q2. So we finished the half slightly
Diageo PLC	in Q1. Therefore, organic net sales were down 2% in the half and organic operating profit was down 3% in the half. However, EPS pre-exceptionals was up 5% due to favorable currency movements.We're particularly pleased with the free cash flow performance. This has been strong, driven by a number of changes to our working capital management, and we generated an increase of GBP517 million to almost GBP1 billion pre-restructuring charges. We have confidence in the business and we are, again, increasing the interim dividend by 5%.I will stop there and open it up for questions.Questions and AnswersOPERATOR: (Operator Instructions). John
Diageo PLC	diversity. This is a strength, particularly in today's world. This year we've delivered 7% organic net sales growth. Stronger price mix improvement is primarily the result of our scotch strategy to focus on value over volume, but also reflects the price increases that we've implemented throughout the business.As a result, we've continued to expand our margins despite the tougher cost pressures that we face this year. Marketing spend, excluding Korea and ready-to-drink, was up 8%. And operating margins were up a total of 70 basis points. As a result, operating profit grew 9%.We have again generated strong free cash flow
Diageo PLC	We're recommending a full-year dividend per share of 34.35p, which will be up 5% on last year.Moving to the regions, in North America our priority brands -- Crown Royal, Captain Morgan, Smirnoff and Johnnie Walker -- delivered strong net sales growth, which more than offset the 10% net sales decline in ready-to-drink. These brands continued to gain value share and benefited from increased marketing spend.Crown Royal, Cask No. 16, Tanqueray Rangpur* and Smirnoff Cocktails all benefited from increased investment behind innovation. With a focus on luxury marketing, our superpremium brands grew 29%, driven by Ciroc and Don Julio, and we
Diageo PLC	share and benefited from increased marketing spend.&nbsp;Crown Royal, Cask No. 16, Tanqueray Rangpur* and Smirnoff Cocktails all benefited from increased investment behind innovation. With a focus on luxury marketing, our superpremium brands grew 29%, driven by Ciroc and Don Julio, and we increased resource behind our reserve brand group to support future growth in this area.During the year we added Ketel One vodka, Zacapa rum and Rosenblum Cellars to our broad range -- sorry, to our brand range. These were already successful brands, and we intend to build on that success.In Europe the global priority brands were the key growth
Diageo PLC	business, increasing our maturing scotch inventories and creating new distilling and bottling capacity for scotch.I'm now going to hand over to Nick who will take you through the results in detail. Then I'm going to describe the way in which our brands and markets are positioned for the year ahead. Nick.NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Thank you, Paul, and good morning everyone and a very early good morning to those of you watching this in North America.As I always do, I'm going to assume that you saw this morning's announcement and move straight to a review of the regions. As
Diageo PLC	this is the first time that we've presented our results solely on the web from our offices here in London. Our aim is to make it easier for you to access this presentation and use your time more efficiently.The change in medium is the only change that we've made today. Nick and I will present the results in the usual format. And then, we will be joined by the four regional presidents, to take your questions.Our results today show the consistent growth which we aim to deliver across these key financial measures. Against the same period last year we've seen
Diageo PLC	year guidance for 9% organic operating profit growth.This time last year we said our investment in the future growth of scotch would impact our free cash flow. This, together with some factors which are specific to the half and which Nick will cover later, means our free cash flow is lower than in the prior period. However given the overall strong cash flow characteristics of the business we returned over GBP1 billion to shareholders and we have increased our dividend by a further 5%.The results for this half again demonstrate the successful execution of our strategy. We are investing behind
Diageo PLC	organic operating profit growth for the full year.The strong cash flow characteristics of the business mean that we returned over GBP1 billion to shareholders and have increased our dividend for the half by a further 5%. Our growth has been broad-based across all major spirits categories, and net sales of spirits were up 7%. In beer, net sales were up 8%, and our wine brands were up 11%, whilst ready-to-drink brands were down slightly by 1%.There were a number of very strong performances from our core brands. In scotch, our biggest category, Johnnie Walker, has again delivered double-digit growth, and
Diageo PLC	11%, whilst ready-to-drink brands were down slightly by 1%.&nbsp;There were a number of very strong performances from our core brands. In scotch, our biggest category, Johnnie Walker, has again delivered double-digit growth, and J&B and Buchanan's have also performed well. Outside of scotch, we have seen strong performance once again from our core brands, particularly Smirnoff and Captain Morgan, and in beer, Guinness, which delivered growth in both GB and Ireland, as well as its international markets.Let me now move to our performance by region. In North America, we delivered good net sales growth, up 6% in the half. Performance
Diageo PLC	we have returned nearly GBP1.25b to shareholders in this half. In addition, we are increasing our interim dividend per share a further 5%, maintaining our high payout ratio.Before I take you through the drivers of our strong performance this half, Nick is going to take you through the details of the results. Nick.NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Thank you Paul. Good morning everyone. As on previous occasions I am going to assume that you've seen the results announcement we released this morning and therefore just take you through the key points.These results demonstrate that the changes we have made over
Diageo PLC	and 7, we will have the financial capacity to fund a share buyback program of around GBP1b.Let me now give you an overview of our performance by region, first in North America. This was the key driver of our performance and that was continued share gains in the U.S. spirits market. Our priority brands drove volume growth and mix improvement, with strong demand for Smirnoff, Baileys, Captain Morgan and Jose Cuervo. This growth, together with price increases on about 35% of the volume, generated four percentage points of price mix improvement and led to operating profit growth of 11%.In Europe,
Diageo PLC	And, this year, operating margin has improved a further 40 basis points. Operating profit growth is therefore up from 7% last year to nearly 9% this year.This stronger growth, together with the buyback program has generated 13% underlying growth in EPS, which, again, is up from 10% last year.Looking to the key measures of Diageo's financial strength, free cash flow generation continues to be a key measure of success. Again, this year, we have generated almost GBP1.4b, allowing us to return a further GBP2.3b to shareholders, and reduce our capital base by a further 5%.We have delivered our operating and
Diageo PLC	in North America and international, and acceleration in the second half in Europe and Asia-Pacific, our focus on value delivered improvement across all four regions. In North America, price increases, a mix improvement, delivered top and bottom-line growth as well as share gains. Spirits, beer and wine all grew net sales 8%.Total operating profit grew 12%, and Diageo again outperformed the U.S. spirits market with share gains in key brands such as Captain Morgan, Smirnoff, Baileys and Crown Royal.In Europe, we achieved strong full year growth in continental Europe due to our focus on premiumization, innovation with Smirnoff Black and
Danaher Corp.	that in order to help you understand the company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call. It's possible that actual results might differ from those predictions that we might make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ from these predictions is available in our SEC filings.With respect to any non-GAAP financial measure provided during the call today, the accompanying information required by SEC Regulation G relating to those measures can be found on our Web site, www.danaher.com under the section Investor News. With that I'd like to turn the call
Danaher Corp.	will be replayed through April 26th. The replay number is 706-645-9291, ID code 6746257. I'll repeat these numbers at the end of the call.&nbsp;I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during this call which involve risk and uncertainties. These include risks and uncertainties related to customer supplier relationships in prices, competition, market demand, litigation and other contingent liabilities.The integration and operation of acquired businesses and economic, political, governmental, and technological factors affecting the company's operations, markets, products, services and prices among others as set forth
Danaher Corp.	call can be found under the same heading, &quot;Investor News&quot;.This call will be replayed through Monday, July 26th, and the audio portion will be archived on our Web site later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 706-645-9291, with the confirmation code of 8676766. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the company's direction we will be making some forward-looking statements during this call which involve risks and uncertainties. These include risks and uncertainties related to
Danaher Corp.	IR, DANAHER: Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, the slide presentation supplementing today's call, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call, are all available in the investor section of our website, Danaher.com, under the heading earnings and they will remain there following the call.As our year-end form 10-K has not yet been
Danaher Corp.	thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, Form 10-Q, a slide presentation, supplementing today's call and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investor section of our website, Danaher.com under the heading Earnings and will remain there following the call. Also, the audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor
Danaher Corp.	Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our second-quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investor section on our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading Financial Information Quarterly Earnings and will remain available following the call.The audio portion of this call will be archived on the Investor section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived
Danaher Corp.	portion will be archived on our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 800-642-1687 and the confirmation code is 3971284. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for any late arrivals. I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during this call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future.These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those
Danaher Corp.	6658217. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for those that are arriving late.I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during this call including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future.These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including those related to litigation and other contingent liabilities, our ability to achieve projected efficiencies, cost reductions, sales growth and earnings, economic conditions and the end markets to sell into,
Danaher Corp.	of the call for late arrivals.&nbsp;I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during this call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to litigation and contingent liabilities, our ability to achieve projected efficiencies, cost reductions, sales growth and earnings, economic conditions in the end markets we sell into, our ability to expand our business in new geographic markets, commodity
Danaher Corp.	confirmation code is 9244163. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies, our ability to expand our business in new geographic markets, our ability to
Danaher Corp.	statements during this call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including those related to litigation and other contingent liabilities, our ability to achieve projected efficiencies and cost reductions, sales growth and earnings, economic conditions in the end-markets we sell into, our ability to expand our business in new geographic markets, commodity costs and surcharges, competition, market demand for our new products, currency exchange rates, changes in the market for acquisitions and divestitures, regulatory approvals and our
Danaher Corp.	confirmation code is 9749427. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will make some forward-looking statements during this call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events to differ materially from those suggested by forward-looking statements, including risks and uncertainties related to litigation and other contingent liabilities; our ability to
Danaher Corp.	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our third quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor section of our website www.danaher.com under the heading &quot;earnings&quot; and will remain available following the call.The audio portion of the call will be archived on the investor section of the website later today under the heading investor events and will remain archived until our next quarterly
Danaher Corp.	end of the call for late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call which involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties related to customers, prior relationships and prices, competition, market demand, litigation and other contingent liabilities, the integration operation of acquired businesses, and economic, political and governmental and technological factors affecting the Company's operations, markets, products, services and prices among others is set forth in the Company's SEC filings.It's possible that actual results might differ from those predictions that we
Danaher Corp.	the same heading, Investor Events. This call can be replayed through January 31 and the audio portion will be archived on our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 800-642-1687 and the confirmation code is 1307910. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for the late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call which involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties related to customers, supplier relationships, and
Danaher Corp.	Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP - INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our first-quarter Form 10-Q, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call, are all available in the investors section of our website, www.danaher.com, under the heading Earnings,
Danaher Corp.	Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our first quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling of other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor section on our website, www.danaher.com under the heading financial information and subheading quarterly earnings and will remain available following the call. The audio portion of the call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the
Danaher Corp.	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our second-quarter Form 10-Q, and the reconciling other information required by SEC Regulations G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during are all available on the investor section of our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading &quot;financial information&quot; and sub-heading &quot;quarterly earnings&quot;, and will remain available following the call. The audio portion of this call will be archived in the investor section of our website later today under the heading &quot;investor events&quot; and will remain available until our
Danaher Corp.	slide presentation supplementing today's call and reconciling other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investor Section of our website www.danaher.com under the heading &quot;earnings&quot; and will remain available following the call.As our year-end Form 10-K has not yet been filed, we've included as part of the earnings release the fourth quarter and full year income statement, year-end balance sheet and full year cash flow statement. In addition, we've included data in the release reflecting our business segment results as well as supplemental income statement data
Danaher Corp.	and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, the slide presentation supplementing today's call, our first quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any nonGAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investor Relations section of our website www.danaher.com under the heading earnings, and will remain available following the call.The audio portion of this call will be archived
Danaher Corp.	call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Daniel Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our second-quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor section of our website, www.danaher.com, under the heading &quot;Earnings&quot; and were made available following the call. The audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later
Danaher Corp.	are Larry Culp, our President, Chief Executive Officer, whose joining us from London instead of snowy Washington, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, whose joining me here in D.C.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any nonGAAP financial measures provided during the call, are all available in the investor section of our website www.danaher.com under the heading earnings and will remain available following the call. As our year-end Form 10-K has not yet been
Danaher Corp.	SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call, which we refer to as the supplemental materials are all available in the investor section of our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading financial information and will remain available following the call.As our year-end Form 10-K has not yet been filed we've included as part of the earnings release the fourth-quarter and full-year income statements, year-end balance sheet, and year-end cash flow statements. In addition we have included data in the release reflecting our business segments' results to facilitate your analysis. The audio portion of this call will
Danaher Corp.	release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our first-quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investors section of our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading Financial Information and will remain available following the call. The audio portion of this call will be archived in the Investors section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call.A replay of this call will also be available until April 25, 2013. The
Danaher Corp.	are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, form 10-Q, and slide presentation supplementing today's call and reconciling other information required by SEC Regulation G related to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor sections of the website, which is up and running at www.Danaher.com, under the heading &quot;earnings&quot;, it will be made available following the call. In addition the audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section
Danaher Corp.	this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading &quot;web events&quot; and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until October 22. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. And 719-457-0820 internationally, and the confirmation code is 2942719. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for any late arrivals.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation and other related presentation materials supplementing today's
Danaher Corp.	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I would like to point out that our earnings release, Form 10-Q, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call, are all available in the Investor Relations section of our web site, www.danaher.com, under the heading Earnings and will remain available following the call. Also, the audio portion of this call will be archived in the Investor section of our web site later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our
Danaher Corp.	Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, Form 10-Q, slide presentation supplementing today's call and the reconciling and other information required by the SEC, regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor's section of our website, www.danaher.com under the heading earnings and will remain available throughout the call. Also the audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading
Danaher Corp.	Chief Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC, Regulation G, relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor section of our website www.danaher.com under the heading Earnings and will remain available following the call.Because we acquired Beckman Coulter so close to the end of the quarter, we intend to file our second quarter Form 10-Q during the week of July 25. In
Danaher Corp.	President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our Earnings Release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our third quarter Form 10-Q, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all provided in the investor section of our website, www.danaher.com under the heading Financial Information. And will remain available following the call. The audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of the website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call.
Danaher Corp.	that our earnings release, the slide presentation supplementing today's call and reconciling and other information required by SE, Regulation G, relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor section of our website www.Danaher.com under the heading Financial Information, and will remain available following the call.As our year-end Form 10-K has not yet been filed, we have included as part of the earnings release, the fourth-quarter and full-year income statement, year-end balance sheet, and full year cash flow statements. In addition, we've included data in the release reflecting our business segment results to
Danaher Corp.	I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, and our third-quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available on the Investor section of our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading Financial Information and the subheading Quarterly Earnings, and will remain available following the call.The audio portion of this call will be archived on the Investor section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain available until our next quarterly call.
Danaher Corp.	the period include the results of operations of Tektronix since its acquisition in November 2007. As we've previously discussed, included in Tektronix results are certain non-cash acquisition related charges for purchased in process research and development and a fair value adjustments to record inventory and deferred revenue which reduced net earnings by 66 million or $0.20 per diluted share in the quarter. In addition non-cash acquisition related charges in the 2008 first quarter and full year will be approximately $0.05 per share and $0.13 per share respectively. These charges are excluded from our earnings per share guidance to be provided
Danaher Corp.	a replay of this call will be available until April 21st. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. And 719-457-0820 internationally, and the confirmation code is 2384639. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying Webcast slide presentation and the MD&A section of our first quarter Form 10-Q for details regarding additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Also, all references in this presentation to earnings, revenues and other company-specific financial metrics relate only to
Danaher Corp.	Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are available in the investor section of our website, Danaher.com, under the heading Earnings. Access to the slide presentation supplementing today's call can also be found on the Danaher website under the same heading. Both the audio of this call and the slide presentation will be archived on the website later today and will be available until the next quarterly call. In addition, a replay of this call will be available
Danaher Corp.	Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I would like to point out that our earnings release, Form 10Q, a slide presentation supplementing today's call and reconciling and other information required by the SEC Regulation G to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available on our investor section of our website at Danaher.com under the heading earnings and will remain available following the call. In addition the audio portion of the call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today and will remain archived until our next
Danaher Corp.	our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until is July 22nd. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. and 719-457-0820 internationally with the confirmation code of 4979941. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impact the year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call, as well as the MD&A section of our second quarter Form 10Q
Danaher Corp.	information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investors section of our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading Financial Information Quarterly Earnings and will remain available following the call.The audio portion of this call will be archived on the Investors section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until October 24, 2013. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally. Confirmation code is 1705356.During
Danaher Corp.	This call will be replayed through January 29th, and the audio portion will be archived on our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call.Our website address is www.danaher.com. The replay number is 888-203-1112 and the confirmation code is 1672354. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we'll be making some forward-looking statements during the call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These
Danaher Corp.	segment margins for the relevant periods.The call will be replayed through April 30th and the audio portion will be archived on our Web site, danaher.com later today, and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 888-203-1112 with the confirmation code of 2704152. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for those that arrive late.I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we'll be making some forward-looking statements during the call including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur
Danaher Corp.	the relative period.The call will be replayed through July 23 and the audio portion will be archived on our Web site later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 888-203-1112 and the confirmation code is 2914902. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I'd also like to note that, in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These
Danaher Corp.	11:00 a.m. eastern time on October 23, and the audio portion will be archived on our Web site later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. and 719-457-8020 internationally, and the confirmation code is 8349054. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the company's direction, we'll be making some forward-looking statements during the call including statements regarding events or developments we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future.
The Walt Disney Company	good afternoon and welcome to Walt Disney World. For those of you who missed my stimulating welcome earlier today, I welcome you now. We are really pleased about the enormous progress of our company and we look forward to sharing this information and all the excitement about it with you today and tomorrow.Let me first get one thing out of the way. As to the unsolicited offer that we received today, what I can tell you is that our Board met this morning and asked management and the company's advisors to provide an in-depth analysis of the proposal to enable
The Walt Disney Company	earnings we are reporting today provide a further indication of the resurgence that is underway at the Walt Disney Company. As happens so often throughout our history we are benefiting from the unique strengths of our company. We are seeing solid resurgence in attendance at our theme parks fueled in part by our successful new rides and attractions.Exceptionally strong performance of recent DVD titles is driving the sustained growth of DVD sales in the United States and abroad. Our cable assets are performing incredibly well in both revenues and ratings. And Consumer Products is showing consistent strength based on product
The Walt Disney Company	of Walt Disney Company. Please proceed.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, good afternoon, everyone. We want to welcome you to The Walt Disney Company's fourth quarter 2008 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago. It is now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and that will be available on our website as will a replay and a transcript of today's remarks. Joining me here in Burbank are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
The Walt Disney Company	accessed via our website. After the call, a replay and a transcript of today's remarks will also be available on our website.Joining me in Burbank today for the call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Tom are going to lead off with some comments. We will then, of course, turn it over to you guys for your questions.So, with that, let me turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you very much, Lowell, and good
The Walt Disney Company	Vice President of Investor Relations for Walt Disney Company. Please proceed.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP IR, WALT DISNEY CO.: Thanks, Michelle. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's second quarter 2009 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago. It's now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Today's call's also being webcast and the webcast will also be available on our website.After the call, a replay and a transcript of today's remarks will also be available on the website. Joining me for today's call in New York are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer;
The Walt Disney Company	release about 45 minutes ago. It's available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is being webcast, and we will post a transcript to our website after the call.Joining me in New York for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will make some comments followed by Jay, and then we will be happy to take some questions.So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob.BOB IGER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you very much, Lowell, and good afternoon,
The Walt Disney Company	available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast, and after the call, we will post a transcript of the call to the website.Joining me for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jay is going to lead off today, he'll be followed by Bob, and then we will be happy to take your questions.So with that, let me turn it over to Jay, and we'll get going.JAY RASULO, SEVP & CFO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, Lowell, and good afternoon,
The Walt Disney Company	And while I realize that thousands of people, American servicemen, other journalists are actually putting their lives on the line there, this one hit particularly close to home and so our thoughts go out to the families of Bob Woodruff and Doug Vogt.Turning to Pixar, which obviously has occupied a tremendous amount of our time and has gotten a significant amount of attention, I want to say just a few things about it, some consistent with what was said earlier, some kind of a postscript on the announcement that was made. As you know, feature animation is clearly a cornerstone
The Walt Disney Company	our Company. Since our last earnings report, we closed our deal with Pixar, we launched an exciting new digital initiative for a number of our ABC programs; The Chronicles of Narnia became our highest-grossing live action film of all-time, and we continue to capitalize on its creative and commercial success with its release on DVD; our thrilling new attraction, Expedition Everest, became an instant hit with our guests at Walt Disney World; and Disney Channel's hit sensation High School Musical continued to set records on-air and on music charts. These activities and many more reflect how Disney continues to advance
The Walt Disney Company	the call before 9:15 AM Eastern time. So let's get started. Bob?BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Wendy, and good morning. I am pleased to report that the strength of our earnings reflects solid performance across all of our segments. While Tom will provide greater detail shortly, I'd like to briefly offer a couple of observations and some thoughts about where we see the Company going in the future.On the last several earnings calls, we've discussed our continuing efforts to invest in the quality of our brands and content to best position Disney to deliver growth and
The Walt Disney Company	record net income, record cash flow and record operating income for our 2006 fiscal year, bolstered by a strong fourth quarter performance. In doing so we delivered our fourth straight year of double digit earnings growth and continued to improve capital returns.Our performance is a tribute to a flourishing culture of creative excellence and a clear strategy executed by our strong Management team. The creation of high quality content, the use of technology to expand consumer access, and a focus on growing in international markets forms the core of our strategy. We are also building a portfolio of digital assets
The Walt Disney Company	actually got to know him. We were honored to work with Peter, and as we move forward, we will be reminded of his four-decade long legacy of excellence, and integrity that touched so many throughout our Company and across the nation.As for the reason for this conference call, it is a pleasure to report that our third quarter earnings and continued strong growth at the Walt Disney Company have happened. This growth in our business has led to net income in the first three quarters of 2005 that is nearly equal to all of 2004. Impressive performance across the Company
The Walt Disney Company	Okay, thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Walt Disney Company's Fourth Quarter 2010 earnings call.Let me begin by saying that we are aware that information regarding our Fourth Quarter earnings became available ahead of its formal release and we are investigating how this occurred. We do regret any confusion caused by this incident. That -- our Press Release is now available on our website. Today's call is also being Webcast and that Webcast will be available on our website and after the call, we will post a replay and a transcript of today's remarks to the website.Joining
The Walt Disney Company	STAGGS, EVP & CFO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Wendy. We went into fiscal 2004 with a set of high goals and expectations for our financial results and today we are pleased to report that we exceeded those goals across the board. For the year we delivered earnings per share growth of 72% on a as reported basis and 64% excluding unusual items. We boosted return on invested capital for the second year in a row and we delivered record cash flow from operations of nearly $4.4 billion and record free cash flow of $2.9 billion. Also excluding the impact
The Walt Disney Company	will make some commentary on the fiscal first quarter results and then take any questions our live audience may have. Tom?&nbsp;TOM STAGGS, SENIOR EVP & CFO, WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Wendy, and good afternoon. To all of you here, welcome to Walt Disney World and to all of you that are listening in via webcast, welcome to our first quarter earnings announcement. It is a pleasure to be with you here again in Orlando. It's been just short of a year since our last meeting here and, well, pretty much nothing has happened since then. But, all kidding aside, fiscal
The Walt Disney Company	try our best to conclude the call by 5:30 Eastern Time. So let's get started. Michael?&nbsp;MICHAEL EISNER, CEO, DIRECTOR, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Wendy. Almost exactly two years ago in a second quarter earnings call like this one I commented about the things that set Disney apart that will power future growth. Specifically, I said and I quote, &quot;the fundamental strength of our branding characters and creativity remains intact.&quot; I went on to say, &quot;I am pleased with the way our management team is responding to the current external challenges.&quot; And I predicted that the Company would post impressive gains
The Walt Disney Company	to your host for today, to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Okay. Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to The Walt Disney Company's second-quarter earnings call. Our press release was issued almost an hour ago. It's now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and the webcast will be on the website after the call. Finally, a replay and transcript of today's remarks will be available on the website as well.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger,
The Walt Disney Company	Thanks, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to The Walt Disney Company's third-quarter 2011 earnings call. Our press release was issued 45 minutes ago. It is now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Please call is being webcast, and the webcast will also be available on our website, as will a transcript of today's remarks.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Jay, and then we will be happy to take your questions. So with
The Walt Disney Company	issued 45 minutes ago and is now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast. That webcast, along with a transcript, will also be available on the website after the call.Joining me in Burbank today are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial officer. Bob is going to lead off, followed by Jay; and then, of course, we'll be happy to take your questions.So, with that, I'll turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you
The Walt Disney Company	just under two months, and during this time have been listening with great interest the debate among various constituencies, about old media versus new media. What this debate highlights, is the simple fact that the world is changing, due in large part to advances in digital technology, that have led to an explosion in media, resulting in increases in content, distribution, and communication. This is a global phenomenon, as we are seeing growth of mass media infrastructure, in both developed and emerging markets.Competition for the consumer remains fierce, as consumers with a limited amount of leisure time have significantly greater
The Walt Disney Company	Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SVP - IR, WALT DISNEY: Okay, thanks and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Walt Disney Company's first quarter 2010 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago, it's now available on our website at www.disney.com/investor. Today's call is being webcast and that webcast will also be available on our website. Following the call we will post a transcript of today's call and a replay to our website.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice
The Walt Disney Company	turn the call over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Ematee. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's second quarter 2010 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago, it's now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast, and the webcast will also be available on our website, and after the call a replay and a transcript will be available there as well.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President
The Walt Disney Company	ago. It's available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call will be webcast and the webcast will also be available on our website, and after the call a replay and a transcript of today's remarks will be there as well. Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob's going to lead off, followed by Jay. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, let me turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO,
The Walt Disney Company	IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Kendall. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to The Walt Disney Company's first-quarter 2011 earnings call. Our press release was issued almost an hour ago, and it's available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and the webcast will also be available on our website. After the call, a replay and transcript will be there as well.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob is going to lead off, followed by
The Walt Disney Company	press release was issued about 45 minutes ago. It's available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is being webcast, and we will post the webcast and a transcript also to our website.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Jay; and then, of course, we will leave plenty of time for your questions.With that, I'll turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you,
The Walt Disney Company	everyone. Welcome to Walt Disney's third quarter 2008 conference call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago and it is now available on our website at www.disney.com\investors. Today's call will also be webcast and that webcast will be available on our website, and after the call a replay and transcript of today's remarks will also be available on our website.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Tom will lead off with brief comments and then, on
The Walt Disney Company	over to Bob and we will get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY CO.: Thank you, Lowell. We have had another solid quarter fueled by great creative momentum and the trust consumers have that our brands will deliver a consistently high quality entertainment experience. These attributes are incredibly important and incredibly valuable in an uncertain global economic environment. We believe they position us well to manage through undeniably turbulent times.Like all companies, we arena't immune to the challenging economy, but we continue to be pleased with the level of business activity we have seen so far, and especially with
The Walt Disney Company	host for today's call, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for the Walt Disney Company.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP IR, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Michelle. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's third quarter 2009 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago. It's now available on our Website. Today's call is also being Webcast and the Webcast will be also available on our Website, which is www.disney.com/investors. After the call, a reply and a transcript of today's remarks will be available on our Website.Joining me in Burbank today are Bob Iger, Disney's President
The Walt Disney Company	of the Walt Disney Company. Please proceed.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Britney. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago and it's available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and that webcast will be available on our website, as will a replay and transcript of today's remarks.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and for his 46th and as it turns out final earnings call
The Walt Disney Company	our website at www.Disney.com/investors.Today's call is also being webcast and that webcast will be available on our website, as will a replay and a transcript of the call.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Jay, and then we will be happy, of course, to take your questions. So with that let me turn it over to Bob and we will get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Lowell, and good
The Walt Disney Company	Walt Disney Company's first quarter 2012 conference call. Our press release was issued about 45 minutes ago. It's now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. After the call, a replay and a transcript of today's remarks will also be available on our website.Joining me in Burbank today are Bob Iger, Disney's President Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Jay. And then, of course, we will be happy to take your questions. So with that, I will turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB
The Walt Disney Company	good afternoon everyone. Welcome to The Walt Disney Company's third-quarter 2012 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 45 minutes ago. It is now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. A webcast and a transcript of today's call will also be available on our website later tonight.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Jay, and then of course, we will be happy to take your questions.So with that I will turn it over
The Walt Disney Company	about 45 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast, and we will post the webcast and a transcript of the call to our website later.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, then Jay will make some comments, and then, of course, we'll be happy to take your questions.So with that, I'll turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY
The Walt Disney Company	Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP IR, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's first quarter fiscal '08 call. Today's call is being webcast and the webcast can be accessed on our investor relations website. The press release was issued a few minutes ago. It's also available on our website. Following today's call, we'll provide a replay as well as a MP3 file and a written transcript on the website.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom
The Walt Disney Company	hope you'll stick around after the Q&A, because besides reading our Safe Harbor provisions, I may just go ahead and endorse a candidate. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, very much, Lowell, and good afternoon.I'm pleased to report we started off our 2008 fiscal year with another outstanding quarter marked by strong creative and financial performances. These results validate our strategic focus and I am extremely proud of our people, their talent, experience and commitment to quality and integrity. There are numerous specifics I
The Walt Disney Company	to take your questions. And then, given the overwhelming popular demand, I will once again read the safe harbor provision. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.ROBERT IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Lowell, and good afternoon, everyone. We had an outstanding second quarter financially and creatively at the Walt Disney Company. Our diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations grew by an impressive 35%, putting our earnings per share in the first half of the year on par with what we delivered for all of fiscal 2005. This performance
The Walt Disney Company	our second quarter 2008 call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago and is now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and that webcast can also be accessed on our website. After the call, a replay and a transcript of today's call will be available on -- you guessed it -- our website; and as you can tell, we're trying to grow page views on the IR website, so that by next quarter we can actually sell some advertising. Joining me in Burbank here today are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief
The Walt Disney Company	fourth-quarter 2013 earnings call. We issued our press release about 45 minutes ago. It's now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast, and the webcast and a transcript of the call will also be available on our website.Joining me for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob is going to lead off, and then Jay will follow him, and then we, of course, will be happy to take some questions.So, with that, I'll turn it over to Bob.BOB IGER,
The Walt Disney Company	so with that, here is Tom Staggs, our CFO, to give you the details of the quarter. Tom?&nbsp;TOM STAGGS, SEVP AND CFO, WALT DISNEY: You don't get the flourish that I got, you know, music, you know, here's Tom. But the earnings are better than our technical prowess here this morning. Thanks for coming. To all of you here, welcome to Walt Disney World, and also to all of you listening in, welcome to Disney's 2007 Investor Conference.It's a pleasure to be here with you again in Orlando. As you've seen by now, the creativity, hard work, financial discipline, and
The Walt Disney Company	research perspective, and brings a deep understanding of the investment community and the entertainment industry. So we're very pleased to have Lowell. And he's joining us on the call today, and will be back in a bit. But first, let me turn things over to Bob Iger to talk about the quarter.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you very much, Tom, and good afternoon. I'm pleased to report that we have had another excellent quarter, posting double-digit increases in net income and earnings per share. These results are evidence of our ability to nurture great creativity, our strength
The Walt Disney Company	Q&A. And then I will return for some important Safe Harbor comments.With that said, let me turn it over to Bob.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Lowell. I look forward to those important comments. Good afternoon, everyone.After a terrific 2006 performance, and excellent first quarter results, I am pleased to report we have had another solid quarter, posting double-digit increases in segment operating income and earnings per share from continuing operations. We have again achieved a strong record by focusing on doing what we do best. That is building high quality, creative franchises across multiple platforms across multiple
The Walt Disney Company	me are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Staggs, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob's going to lead off, Tom will follow up with some comments and then we'll open up the call to your questions. I hope you'll stick around after the Q&A because I'm going to read through some very exciting changes to our Safe Harbor provision that I think you'll really enjoy. So with that, I'll turn it over to Bob and we can get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thanks for not upstaging us with that,
Dow Chemical	written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Howard Ungerleider, outgoing Vice President of Investor Relations; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, April 28th, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the investor relations section and through the link to our webcast.As you
Dow Chemical	Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, and Dave Johnson, Director in Investor Relations. Around 7.00 AM this morning, April 26, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on www.dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our web site on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast.Now, some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or
Dow Chemical	Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director in Investor Relations. Around 7.00 AM this morning, October 24, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast.Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we do not
Dow Chemical	prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Director in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, February 3, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the internet on Dow's website, dow.com.Also earlier this morning, we filed our answer to the lawsuit filed by Rohm & Haas. This answer is also posted on our website. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the
Dow Chemical	call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Pierre Brondeau, President and CEO of Dow Advanced Materials; and Jeff Tate, Director, Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, April 30, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on
Dow Chemical	strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director of Investor Relations. Around 7.00 AM this morning, July 25, our earnings release went out on Business Wire, and was posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments and this conference call. These slides are posted on our website, and through the link to our webcast.Now, some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks
Dow Chemical	statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Q's, 10-K's and annual reports, are available on the Internet at dow.com in the financial reports page of the investor relations section.I would like to remind you that we made a few, mostly minor, changes to our
Dow Chemical	went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimate, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other
Dow Chemical	risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports are available on the Internet at dow.com in the Financial Reports
Dow Chemical	Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations.Around 630 this morning, October 28, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of
Dow Chemical	information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our Web site. Our earnings release as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports are available on the Internet at Dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.Today, Pedro will start off with an overview of the first-quarter results and some comments on the actions Dow is taking to continue to
Dow Chemical	today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Johnson, Director Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, February 2, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the Presentation page of the Investor Relations section, or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future.
Dow Chemical	media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jerome Peribere, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dow Advanced Materials; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations.Around 630 this morning, April 28, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet at Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides
Dow Chemical	media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jerome Peribere, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dow Advanced Materials; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations.Around 630 this morning, April 28, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet at Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides
Dow Chemical	webcast.This call is the property of Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weidman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Antonio Galindez, President and CEO of Dow AgroSciences; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning August 3, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com.We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on the
Dow Chemical	Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, February 3, our earnings release went out on BusinessWire and was posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through
Dow Chemical	Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director in Investor Relations. Around 7 AM this morning, January 31, our earnings release went out on business wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast.Now some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates. And we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.
Dow Chemical	is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director of Investor Relations. Around 7.00 AM this morning, [April] 25, our earnings release went out on business wire and was posted on Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast.Some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties.
Dow Chemical	with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO, Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jeff Tate, Director in Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, October 23, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section, or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations
Dow Chemical	Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Heinz Haller, Executive Vice President of Performance Products and Systems; and Jeff Tate, Director in Investor Relations.Around 6;30 this morning, July 30, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our
Dow Chemical	me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, October 22, our earnings release went out on PRNewswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section, or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for
Dow Chemical	On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Johnson, Director of Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, October 27, our Earnings Release went out on Business Wire, and was posted on the Internet on www.Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section, and through the link to our webcast.Now, some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future.
Dow Chemical	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Johnson, Director in Investor Relations. Around 7.00 AM this morning, February 2, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast.Some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and
Dow Chemical	and were posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent, is strictly prohibited.We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section, and through the link to our webcast. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill
Dow Chemical	about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and Annual Reports, are available on
Dow Chemical	statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Q's, 10-K's, and annual reports are available
Dow Chemical	to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations.Around six-thirty this morning, April 24, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this
Dow Chemical	redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form, without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations. Also with us is Howard Ungerleider, who will be taking over as head of Dow's IR team in August.Around 6.30 this morning, July 24, our earnings release went out on PRNewswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com.We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call.
Dow Chemical	or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures., A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or
Dow Chemical	risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our Web site. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports, are available on the Internet at Dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.Today, I will start with a brief recap of the fourth quarter, then Andrew will take a look back at 2006 and the actions that drove our
Dow Chemical	like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports, are available on the Internet at dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. We hope this information is useful to you in understanding
Dow Chemical	our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports, are available on
Dow Chemical	today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release as well as recent 10-Q's, 10-K's and annual
ENI SpA	the first quarter 2004, the refining margins showed on a yearly basis a decline of 42% and 50%, in US dollar and euro terms respectively.The reported net income amounted to E2.15b, with an increase of around 7% compared to the same period of 2003. The increase is the result of two main effects. 4.8% decline in the operating results, mainly as a consequence of the negative impact of the euro appreciation versus the US dollar, partially compensated by the higher hydrocarbon production sold (plus 11%), as well as by the good results achieved in the Gas and Power division and
ENI SpA	In R&M, we continued to gain market share in the declining Italian market.This achievement, in the context of an exceptionally favorable environment for the first half of the year, resulted in EUR10.2b profit, a 7.7% increase over 2007. This has enabled us to propose a final dividend of EUR0.65 per share, making a total dividend of EUR1.30 per share for the full year.Before I hand over to Alessandro for an in-depth analysis of our 2008 results, I will take you through the strategic rationale of our regulated business restructuring, which we announced late yesterday evening.This deal will enable us to
ENI SpA	to answer to your question at the end of the presentation.In the first quarter of 2009, the Brent price continued to weaken, averaging $44 per barrel and declining by approximately 54% compared to the first quarter of 2008. The benchmark European Refining Margin averaged $5.3 per barrel, increasing by 40% compared to one year ago. The margins realized by our own refineries did increase, but less than the benchmark, as a result of the narrowing light/heavy oil differential and the CIF/FOB spreads. The euro showed a depreciation of 13% versus the US dollar, compared to the same period of last
ENI SpA	suffered from non-technical production shuttings in Libya and Nigeria.While these decisions have impacted first half results, our underlying business has made strong strategic progress. Key start-ups for 2013 included Kashagan, our own track, we have closed major gas negotiations and we are continuing the restructuring of our downstream businesses.On the corporate front, this has been an excellent first half. Our disposal program has unlocked a further EUR5.9 billion of value, including the recently completed transaction in CNPC.Let's take a closer look at the first half, starting from upstream. The two key issues are Libya and Nigeria. In Libya, the security
ENI SpA	would like to remind you that Eni results are affected by several issues, including the seasonal factor affecting the demand for natural gas and petroleum products pertaining to residential heating, the demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year, being the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter, being the warmest months. Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first quarter cannot be extrapolated for the full year.Let me remind you that, as a consequence of the position adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board, Saipem and its subsidiaries have been
ENI SpA	the sector. Oil and natural gas production grew organically by 4.3%, despite the reduce volumes from the Dacion field in Venezuela. In fact, growth would have been 6% without the impact of Dacion. While 2006 yearly growth is expect to be around 3% for the same reason, I confirm that 2006/2009 production growth targets of 4%.We continue to make progress in renewing our exploration portfolio, adding around 50,000 square kilometers of new acreage, 99 % of which is operated by Eni.In Turkey, less then one month ago, the Council of Ministers approved the Samsun-Ceyhan Pipeline. This project will guarantee the
ENI SpA	the warmest months. Therefore, any [suppurating] profit and change in net debt, in the first nine months, cannot be extrapolated for the full year.&nbsp;Let me remind you that, as a consequence of the position adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board, Saipem and its subsidiaries have been, once again, included line-by-line in our IFRS consolidated financial statement. For the sake of comparison, we have accordingly restated our 2005 account. Having said this let us now [comment] the results.In the third quarter adjusted net profit amounted to EUR2.6b, up around 7% if compared to the same period of 2005. Such a
ENI SpA	at the end of June. It sustained our demand growth in both U.S. and China as well as a limited south-coast production capacity from OPEC and non OPEC countries were the key drivers for oil price increase to record levels.Refining margins enjoyed a significant uplift on a yearly basis, as the demand growth for [indiscernible] product continued to pressurize the global refining capacity. In particular, compared to the same period of 2004, the average European refining margin was close to $7 per barrel, 29% up compared to last year's level. This strong market trend was slightly offset by the 5%
ENI SpA	this morning. The robust set of financial results we are producing is the direct consequence of Eni's solid industrial performance in the core business, and the still positive scenario.&nbsp;In the first half, the net profit reported in compliance with International Financial Reporting standards amounted to E4,343m, with an increase of 29.1% if compared to the same period of 2004. Excluding special items and inventory gains, the adjusted net profit totaled E4.4b, with an increase of 46.2%. Such an increase is the outcome of a 40% growth in the operating result, mainly as a consequence of the strong performance in the
ENI SpA	third quarter of 2010, the macro environment showed a positive trend compared to the same period of last year. The Brent price averaged $77 a barrel, up 13% compared to the third quarter of 2009. The average European refining margin Brent/Ural was $2.44 per barrel, up slightly versus the corresponding period of 2009, although it remained depressed compared to historical trends and at nearly half the level compared to the second quarter of 2010.Finally, the euro depreciated by almost 10% versus the US dollar compared to the corresponding period last year.Moving to our results, adjusted operating profit in the third
ENI SpA	to happen. I also recalled that our value increased from E20b in 1995 to this current E70b.Some days later in an interview I got the opportunity to point out that what I had in mind was a doubling of our capitalization. In fact, I believe that our shares are still undervalued and in fact, probably, the current share price is not fully recognizing the strong growth in our core business, the quality of asset portfolio and the delivery of important strategic targets. But also, where increased value of our strategy for the future.A recent [rumor] misunderstood my comments on ENI's
ENI SpA	the result of a 37% growth in the operating results, mainly as a consequence of the strong performance of the upstream, R&M and the Petrochemical divisions as well as the good results, achieved in the Gas and Power Division.Income growth from investments reported about E60m, mainly related to a higher contribution of European Gas and Power activities in marketing Sannazzaro gas, SRS and Galp and the gas transportation. These positive effects were partially offset by higher taxes for E500m as a consequence of the higher taxable income.In the first quarter of 2005, reported clean EPS paid on an average number
ENI SpA	Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year preliminary results conference call. 2010 has been a very good year. We have delivered outstanding operational achievements, and laid the foundations for our future growth.In E&P, a particularly strong fourth quarter led to full year production of 1.815 kboe per day, 1.1% higher than in 2009. This growth was driven by the timely delivery of all 12 of our planned startups, which contributed 40,000 boe per day of new production in 2010, and will account for 230,000 boe per day of production at peak.We also make excellent progress on our key projects.
ENI SpA	As you will know, the situation in the country remains uncertain. So far the conflict has forced the shutdown of several of our producing sites, as well as the closure of the Greenstream pipeline. These shutdowns reduced production by 129,000 boe per day compared to the first quarter of last year, an impact which was partially offset by improved performance year on year.Wafa is currently the only field in operation with an output that, as of April 1st, has been of about 50,000 boe per day, 55,000 boe per day, entirely destined to local power generation. This is down from
ENI SpA	and second quarter results conference call. During the first half of 2011, our results were hit by two uncertainties, of which the major one is, of course, Libya. In this context, we have made good progress on the strategic drivers which underpin our medium and long-term growth, and value creation targets.I will now give you a brief overview of the developments in our business for this quarter. Sandro will then take you through our financial performance in Q2.Let's look at the two uncertainties which impacted the first half results in more depth. The disruption in Libya has affected all our
ENI SpA	the first three months of the year, we added around 1 billion boe of new exploration resources through Mamba North 1 in Mozambique, Havis in the Barents Sea, which together with Skrugard, has recoverable resources of 500 million barrels; and other discoveries in proven or near field areas.Meanwhile, you will have seen that we have signed a strategic agreement with Rosneft to gain access to very promising exploration licenses in the Barents Sea and in the Black Sea, increasing the potential of our portfolio and providing support to long-term growth prospects.In Gas & Power, in March, we completed the renegotiation
ENI SpA	the demand for natural gas and petroleum products pertaining to residential heating. The demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year being the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter being the warmest months.Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first nine months cannot be extrapolated for the full year. In the third quarter the net profit amounted to E2.34b with an increase of around 48% which compared to the same period of 2004.Excluding special items and inventory gains the adjusted net profit totaled E2.45b with an increase of around 69%.
ENI SpA	will be doing to ensure that our outperformance continues over the next four years. We have a distinctive and unique set of assets and we have therefore pursued a deliberately differentiated strategy from our peers.In 2005, when I took over as CEO, most of our peers were focused mainly on oil and gas, had larger, much larger refining businesses than Eni and were pursuing very popular investment projects such as Canadian tar sands. Some market commentators at that time felt that to succeed we should emulate some of these larger peers through divestments of some significant parts of our businesses
ENI SpA	Descalzi and Domenico Dispenza. We will be happy to answer to your question at the end of the presentation. In the first quarter of 2010, the market fundamentals had a mixed impact on Eni's results, and the energy sector in general.Oil prices increased by 72% compared with the first quarter of 2009, while European refining margins, which averaged US$2.4 per barrel, were down 55%. Finally, the euro showed an appreciation of 6% versus the US dollar, averaging US$1.38 during the quarter. As usual, I would like to remind you that Eni's results are affected by several issues, including the seasonal
ENI SpA	of our businesses will improve their results over the next four years. We will highlight, in Gas & Power, both the short-term trading issues, and the midterm recovery opportunities. And in R&M, the work we are doing to bring this business back to profit.We will also take you through our main subsidiaries, and the key ways in which we will generate value over the plan. But before we go into our four year strategy and targets, let me give you an update on our operations in Libya.In this situation of confused conflict, the safety of our people is the priority.
ENI SpA	who many of you know well from his time as Deputy CFO of Eni, and in key positions in E&P, for a more detailed look at the Q4 and full year numbers.With regard to the highlights, in 2012, Eni delivered a robust performance. On top of that, we have fundamentally changed the profile of our Company.Eni is now financially stronger, and more focused. Our balance sheet has been transformed through the disposal of significant stakes in Snam and Galp, we have reduced net debt by almost EUR13 billion, bringing our leverage to 25% from the previous 46%. Our remaining stakes
ENI SpA	to give you an update on the growth and returns which our new Eni is positioned to deliver.E&P is the main driver of our growth. As Claudio will detail later today, we have a wave of projects coming onstream over the next 24 months. This, coupled with our track record of exceptional exploration success, means we are posed to deliver a decade of strong growth.Our production will grow to around 2.5 million BOEs a day, through 1.3 million new barrels, which we are -- which are well placed on the cost curve, and will deliver robust returns.In Gas & Power,
ENI SpA	restored after the shutting of Mellitah and now we are back in the region of 260,000 BOE per day. In Nigeria, we have repaired pipeline damage in the last year floods, although force majeure in the swamp area remains in place.With fourth quarter disruptions now largely resolved and assuming no further shuttings, we confirm full-year production guidance. Growth will be driven by our expected start-ups and ramp ups, which are broadly on track. At the same time, we have continued to consolidate our long-term growth prospects. Exploration and discoveries amounted to around 600 million BOE of resources and we have
ENI SpA	interim review. In the first six months of the year, we have made significant progress in implementing our long-term strategy. In E&P, where our strategy's to deliver sustainable industry leading growth, we have achieved a solid production increase of 2.8% in a climate of unprecedented oil price strength. Net of the PSA effect, our production growth would have been 8.1%, with robust growth of 2.3% excluding portfolio acquisitions. We have positioned ourselves well to deliver superior future growth through our successful exploration and by building a position in unconventional oil in Venezuela and Congo.This excellent result testifies the strength of
ENI SpA	right-hand man, Claudio Descalzi, who today succeeds him as COO. In the last year and half when almost 100% of Stefano's time was absorbed by the Kashagan negotiations, Claudio's been running the rest of our E&P activities globally, and has been directly responsible for most of our major achievements. Claudio joined Eni in 1981 and has grown through the ranks of the E&P division to become Stefano's natural successor. I'm extremely pleased to introduce him to those of you who have not yet met him. And take this opportunity to thank Stefano for his 30 years' contribution to the Group.In
ENI SpA	you through those in details. Looking ahead, we are currently working on our plan for 2009-2012, and we will update you on our strategy presentation next February. But given the turbulence that we are seeing, both in the wider financial markets and in the oil market itself, I thought it might be helpful to give you my perspective on how this affects our future plans.The first point to make is that Eni's strategy is devised on the basis of a conservative oil price scenario. Indeed, our 2008-2011 strategy was built on the assumption that the average oil price would be
ENI SpA	macro environment, I intend to propose to the Board an interim dividend of EUR0.50 per share, which reflects Eni's prudent approach to the short-term challenges.During the first six months of the year we made good operational progress across our businesses, consolidating our long-term growth prospects. In E&P we developed our portfolio further and we have added 300 billion BOE of new resources through successful exploration activity. A significant contribution comes from discoveries in Angola, Gulf of Mexico, Indonesia, Pakistan, and Brazil through Galp. This was achieved amidst a 30% reduction in exploration expenses year-on-year.In the same period we have added
ENI SpA	Henry Hub prices down 61%. And European refining margin continuing to weaken, averaging $2.3 per barrel, down 63% year on year. The euro showed a depreciation of 5% versus the US dollar, averaging $1.43 during the quarter.As usual, I would like to remind you that Eni's results are affected by several issues, including the seasonality of demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating, the demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year and lowest in the third quarter. Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first nine months
ENI SpA	to ramp these up over the next two months, and into the first quarter of '12, along with the re-start of the large Bahr-Essalam offshore gas field, expected before year end.Overall, the recovery of our activities in Libya has enabled us to slightly reduce our estimate for the negative impact of the crisis on full-year production.We have also continued to deliver excellent exploration results, of which our recent discovery in Mozambique is the stand-out example, both in terms of size and because it opens up a new frontier for us in East Africa.We have made good progress on our development
ENI SpA	Far East, with the discoveries in Jangkrik North East, which have almost doubled our resources in the area.In the Barents Sea we have Skrugard and, in recent weeks, Havis have opened up a new hub with 500,000 boe of recovered reserves.And, of course, in Mozambique where we have today announced the results of our second well, Mamba North and raised our estimate of gas in place to 30 TCF. We are very excited about the blocks further potential, and have expanded our exploration and appraisal plan, with eight further wells to be drilled in the next two years.Overall, we have
ENI SpA	leading to a fast recovery in our 2012 production. In 2011, we have also made significant progress on key projects, including the FIDs of giant fields in Venezuela and Russia, adding certainty and visibility to our near term growth prospects.But the key reason why Eni is stronger now than a year ago is the success of our exploration in Norway, West Africa and Mozambique, which will drive our strong growth to 2021 and beyond.Turning now to our mid and downstream businesses, over the last year, we have taken further steps to increase our competitiveness in what remains a challenging market
ENI SpA	market conditions in our Italian and European businesses with Gas & Power, Refining & Marketing, and Chemical buffeted by euro area headwinds.I will now take you through each of these points in a little more depth. Sandro will then present the financial performance in Q2.Let's look at Snam and Galp. As for Snam, the disposal process is well underway. Following the signing of the sale of 30% to Cassa Depositi de Prestiti, we have placed a further 5% in the market, crystallizing value for our investors, reducing the overhang on Snam, and confirming the market's appetite for this asset.For our
ENI SpA	completion of the sale of 30% of (inaudible) and the further debt deconsolidation from Snam in the region of EUR1b.Our business is increasingly focused on an E&P division which, in the third quarter, continued to show strong performances driven by the ramp-up of Libyan production and exceptional exploration success.Looking at Gas and Power, Refining and Marketing and Chemicals, we are making good progress on our plans to tackle challenging market conditions.In Gas & Power, we are working on the renegotiation of our supply cost and have opened negotiations with counterparties including Statoil and GasTerra.On the commercial front, we continue to
ENI SpA	reached a new height averaging $97 per barrel and increasing by approximately 68% compared to the first quarter of 2007.The European Refining Margin averaged $3.8 per barrel, increasing by 25% compared to the first quarter of 2007. The margins realized by our oil refineries underperformed the trend of the benchmark indicators. This is because our refineries yields are less geared to diesel products which performed strongly, and more weighted on fuel oil which quoted at a strong discount versus diesel.Finally the Euro showed an appreciation of 14% versus the U.S. dollar compared to the same period of last year.As usual
ENI SpA	at a strong discount versus diesel. Finally the Euro showed an appreciation of 14% versus the U.S. dollar compared to the same period of last year.As usual I would like to remind you that Eni's results are affected by several issues including the seasonal factor affecting the demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating. The demand for which is the highest in the first quarter of the year, the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter, the warmest months. Therefore Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first quarter cannot be extrapolated
ENI SpA	E&P, we finalized the sale to CNPC of a 20% stake of Area 4 in Mozambique. This sale realized EUR3 billion net cash, monetizing early our world class exploration success.Q3 was another rewarding quarter in terms of exploration, with almost 700 million barrels of resources added through the drilling bit.Production in the quarter was impacted by geopolitical factors with significant force majeure events in Nigeria and Libya.In gas and power supply, contract negotiations are progressing while market conditions remain soft. In line with our plan, we are continuing to expand our retail base, particularly in Europe, and we recorded good
ENI SpA	before the Q&A session, I will conclude with some final remarks and our cash allocation strategy. So, over to Marco for 2006 results.MARCO MANGIAGALLI, SVP OF FINANCE, ENI SPA: Thank you Paolo and good afternoon to everybody. I'll now elaborate on our fourth quarter results starting with a brief description of the market environment.In the fourth quarter of 2006 the Brent prices increased by about 5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2005, averaging $59.7 per barrel. European refining margins averaged $2.2 per barrel, decreasing by 57%. And, finally, the euro appreciated by 8.5% versus the U.S. dollar compared to
ENI SpA	to remind you that Eni's results are affected by several issues, including the seasonal factors affecting the demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating, the demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year, the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter, the warmest months. Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first quarter cannot be extrapolated for the full year.Having said this, let us now comment on the financials. In the first quarter adjusted net profit amounted to EUR2.7b, down around 9% if compared to the same
ENI SpA	dollar compared to the same period of lat year.As usual, I would like to remind you that our results are affected by several issues including the seasonal factor affecting the demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating, the demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year, the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter, the warmest months. Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first nine months cannot be extrapolated for the full year.Having said this, let us now comment on the results. Adjusted net profit for
eBay Inc.	measures in the tables of our earnings release.In addition management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that have all risks and uncertainties including those relating to our company's ability to grow its business and user base. Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this call.Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to the company's needs to manage an increasingly large company with a broad range of businesses, the company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive environment for on-line trading including competition for its sellers from other trading sites,
eBay Inc.	commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBay.com.Before we begin I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we'll discuss some nonGAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measure to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call. In addition, Management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations,
eBay Inc.	Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the IR section of eBay's website at http.investor.eBayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through that same link.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of the conference call, we will
eBay Inc.	those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base, and user activity.&nbsp;Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the Company's need to manage an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses of varying degrees of maturity; the Company's need to increasingly achieve growth from its existing users, as well as from new users in its more established markets; the Company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive e-commerce environment, including competition for its
eBay Inc.	ability to grow its businesses, user base, and user activities.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; our increasing need in established markets to grow revenues from existing users as well as from new users; an increasingly competitive e-commerce environment; our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability; regulatory tax and litigation risks, including financial industry risks specific to PayPal and
eBay Inc.	ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need in established markets to grow revenues from existing users as well as from new users; an increasingly competitive e-commerce environment; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; the impact of the Company's recently announced pricing and product changes; regulatory tax litigation risks, including financial industry risks specific to PayPal and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry; our need to
eBay Inc.	uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need in established markets to grow revenue from existing users as well as from new users; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; regulatory, tax and IP and other litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal in the financial industry, and risks specific to Skype technology into the VoIP industry;
eBay Inc.	and user activity. Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call.&nbsp;Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the Company's need to manage an increasingly large Company with a broad range of businesses of varying degrees of maturity, the Company's need to increasingly achieve growth from its existing users as well as from new users in its more established markets, the Company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive eCommerce environment including competition for its sellers from other trading sites and other means of selling and competitions
eBay Inc.	call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliations of those measures to GAAP measures in the tables of our earnings release. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base, and user activity. Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call.Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to the Company's need to manage an increasingly large company with a
eBay Inc.	webcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and the call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management may look forward-looking statements relating to our future
eBay Inc.	In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business and user base.&nbsp;Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call. Factors that could cause our contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to upgrade and develop systems, infrastructure, and customer service capabilities to accommodate growth at a reasonable cost; the Company's ability to maintain site stability and performance on all of its sites, such as PayPal, while adding new products and features in
eBay Inc.	of our earnings release. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and certainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business and user base.Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the Company's need to manage an increasingly large company with a broad range of businesses of varying degrees of maturity; the Company's need to increasingly achieve growth from activity and activation in addition to acquisition in its more established markets;
eBay Inc.	Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call.&nbsp;Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to: The Company's need to manage an increasingly large Company with a broad range of businesses of varying degrees of maturity; the Company's need to increasingly achieve growth from its existing users as well as from new users in its more-established markets; The Company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive e-commerce environment, including competition for its sellers from other trading sites and other means of selling in competition for its buyers from
eBay Inc.	providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call.This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide
eBay Inc.	are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call.All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com.In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's
eBay Inc.	represent year-over-year comparisons unless we clarify otherwise.This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be available for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference
eBay Inc.	also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com.Before we begin I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, assumptions and involve risk and uncertainties.
eBay Inc.	today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebay.com.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP
eBay Inc.	Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation that accompany this conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements related to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risk and uncertainties. These statements include
eBay Inc.	of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These
eBay Inc.	rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons, unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through our Investor Relations section of the eBay website at www.investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures and talk about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest-comparable GAAP
eBay Inc.	on the internet and both the presentation and the call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties including those
eBay Inc.	accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebay.com.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our
eBay Inc.	is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties.
eBay Inc.	year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise.This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss the non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In
eBay Inc.	accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All gross REITs mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. The conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet. Both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the website at investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same links.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of
eBay Inc.	to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise.This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the IR section of eBay's website at http.investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of the conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures and talk about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation
eBay Inc.	Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements involving matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad
eBay Inc.	presentation accompanying this call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses under user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increased need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing Company with a broad range of businesses, regulatory, tax as well as IP and other litigation risks including risks specific to PayPal
eBay Inc.	Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations's section of the eBay website, investor.ebay.com.Before we begin I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the
eBay Inc.	presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBay.com.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based
eBay Inc.	presentation accompanying the call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and activity.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses, our need to
eBay Inc.	conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBay.com.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve
eBay Inc.	presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through our investor relations section of the eBay website at http investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You
eBay Inc.	being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. You can visit our IR website for the latest Company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation
eBay Inc.	the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need in established markets to grow revenues from existing users as well as from new users; an increasingly competitive environment for businesses; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; regulatory acts and IP and other litigation risks, including
eBay Inc.	call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risks and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business, user base, and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need in established markets to grow revenues from existing users, as well as new users; an increasingly
eBay Inc.	in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users as well as from new users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; regulatory, tax, as well as IP and
eBay Inc.	measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.&nbsp;In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses, regulatory, tax, as well as IP and other litigation risks, including risks
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	L.P.: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss results for the second quarter. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, CEO of Enterprise's General Partner; followed by Jim Teague, Chief Operating Officer; and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance.During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, Enterprise's
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can (technical difficulty) no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those of the forward-looking statements made during this call.With that, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS: Thanks, Randy. Good morning to all of you. Thank you for joining us. We're very pleased as
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	and thanks for joining us today. Enterprise GP Holdings as you know was formed in April of 2005 and completed its IPO of 14.2 million common units on August 23, 2005. This morning, we announced fourth quarter 2005 net income of $19.7 million or $0.22 per unit on a fully diluted basis compared with $8.1 million or $0.11 per unit for the fourth quarter of last year.Our cash generating assets consist of 100% ownership interest of the general partner of Enterprise Products Partners L.P., the incentive distribution rights associated with Enterprise Products Partners general partner interest and 13.5 million common
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially with those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thanks, Randy, and good morning to all of you. Thank you for joining us.We're very pleased to report what we think is a great quarter to start a very strong 2006. I have been -- I continue to be impressed
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during the call.&nbsp;Now we'll turn the call over to Mr. Mike Creel.MICHAEL CREEL, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE GP HOLDINGS L.P.: Thanks Randy. Good morning and thanks for joining us today. This morning we announced first quarter 2006 net income of $22.4 million or $0.25 per unit on a fully diluted basis compared with $9.5 million or $0.13 per unit for the first quarter of last year. Our cash generating assets consist of a 100% ownership interest of the general partner of Enterprise Products Partners L.P., the incentive distribution rights associated with
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no insurances such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thanks and good morning to all of you. Thanks for joining us. As you can see from the results, Enterprise had a great quarter in the second quarter of 2006.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Good morning and thank you to all of you for joining us this morning. As you would expect we are very pleased to announce another record quarter for Enterprise, with net income exceeding $200 million for the first time in the partnership's history. We are
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during the call.Now, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS: Thank you, Randy, and good morning to all of you that have joined us for the call. We are very pleased to report another solid quarter for Enterprise Products. The highlight for the
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	and Duncan 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Thea. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners and Duncan Energy Partners joint conference call to discuss third quarter earnings. Our speaker's today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise and general partner; he'll be followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and then Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.Before I turn the call over to Dub, I'd like to mention that the results for Enterprise for this quarter do not include the results of GulfTerra Energy Partners, which was merged into Enterprise on September 30th. Beginning October
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, they can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.And now I will turn the call over to Dub.DUB ANDRAS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS: Good morning and thank you for joining us to review our fourth-quarter results. I'm happy to report
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can gave no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRES., COO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thank you, Randy, and good morning to all of you on the call. We're obviously very pleased with our first quarter results as we delivered strong operating
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners and Duncan Energy Partners second quarter 2011 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you, Mr. Burkhalter, you may begin your conference.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP - IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Sara. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners and Duncan Energy Partners joint conference call to discuss second quarter earnings. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Burkhalter, you may begin your conference.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss results for the first quarter. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise and General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO of the General Partner of Enterprise. There are also other members of our senior
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable (technical difficulty) no assurance such expectations (technical difficulty) correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors (technical difficulty) cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.Now, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS: Thanks, Randy, and good morning to all of you. And thanks of course for joining us. I had hoped to start this presentation with a, &quot;How about
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	objections, you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to introduce Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Tina. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss first quarter earnings.Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and then Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner, will wrap it up. Also in attendance for the
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	like to introduce Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Tina. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss first quarter earnings.Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and then Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner, will wrap it up. Also in attendance for the call today are other members of our senior management
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	you. Randy, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss results for the fourth quarter of 2012.Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Jay. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners' conference call to discuss results for the first quarter 2013. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, CEO of Enterprise's general partner, followed by Jim Teague, Chief Operating Officer, and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance today.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If there are any objections, please disconnect at this time.I would now like to introduce Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Dorian. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners and Duncan Energy Partners conference call to discuss earnings for third quarter. Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's general partner will lead the call, followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	to Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP - IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, all, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss third quarter results. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise, and General Partner; followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO as a General Partner of Enterprise. There are other members of our Senior Management Team also in attendance. During this call we will make Forward-looking Statements within the meaning of
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.I will now turn the conference over to Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thank you, Christie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partner conference call to discuss fourth-quarter results. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise General Partner. Mike will be followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. And then Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO of the General Partner, will speak last. Other members of our senior management team are also
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss results for the second quarter of 2012. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's general partner. He will followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO of the general partner of Enterprise.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	Thank you Tiffany. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss results for our third quarter. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.MIKE CREEL, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Good morning and thanks for joining us on this call today. I'm pleased to report another quarter of strong operating results. For the third quarter of 2007 we announced record transportation volumes in our pipelines, and in the fourth quarter we
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during the call.With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.MIKE CREEL, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Good morning and thanks for joining us today as we discussed our first quarter results. It was another record
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	Sir. You may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Holly. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the first quarter in 2008. Mike Creel, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, as well as other members of our senior management team. After the call we will open -- afterwards we will open the call up for your questions.During this
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your first speaker, Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you Laurie. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products conference call to discuss earnings for the second quarter (inaudible) 2008. Mike Creel, Enterprise's President and CEO will lead the call today followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO.Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder as
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, they can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mike Creel.MIKE CREEL, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thanks, Randy, and good morning
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	Partners conference call to discuss the results of the third quarter. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Chief Operating Officer, and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance for the call today.During this call, we will make Forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21-E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management team. Although management believes that the
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those and the forward-looking statements made during this call.With that, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Randy, and good morning to all of you. Thanks for joining us. We're very pleased to announce another strong quarter for Enterprise and the completion of an exceptional year for our partnership. We're pleased to be able to detail that for you today.At the outset I would like
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.&nbsp;With that I'll turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning to all of you; thanks for joining us. Let me do a quick intro, and then I will turn it over to Mike, and then I'll come back and give you kind of our regular update on industry fundamentals and our projects.I think this is the first quarter of what will be a significant year in the history of Enterprise Products. I think we delivered
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	succeed Mike as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As a result of these moves, this will be Ralph's last call to lead as CEO of Enterprise Products Partners, as Mike will step into that role in the next quarterly call, and Randy will lead the financial discussion.With that, I will move on to our forward-looking language.During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	Officer. Congratulations go out to both Mike and Ralph for their new appointments.&nbsp;And now, turning to our forward-looking language, during this call today, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21-E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise GP Holdings' management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.MIKE CREEL, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, and thanks for joining us on the call today. Our businesses had strong operating results this quarter with our integrated network of pipelines transporting a record 7.9 trillion BTUs per day of natural gas and 1.8 million
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the SEC for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.With that, I will turn the call over to Ralph.DR. RALPH CUNNINGHAM, CHAIRMAN, ENTERPRISE GROUP HOLDINGS: Thank you, Randy. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss our third-quarter performance.EPE posted record distributable cash flow in the third quarter. We increased the cash distribution to our partners this quarter, as we have every quarter since our Initial
Express Scripts	over to George, who will discuss our quarter's results.GEORGE PAZ, PRESIDENT & CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you David and good morning. Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' fourth quarter performance.For the fourth quarter net income was 67.4 million or 86 cents per diluted share, and represents an increase of 19 percent over last year's fourth quarter. For 2003 we reported net income of 249.6 million or $3.16 per diluted share, which represents a 24 percent increase over 2002. Earnings per diluted share for 2003 and 2002 reflect additional interest charges of four cents and one cent per diluted
Express Scripts	call over to George Paz who will discuss the financial results for the quarter.GEORGE PAZ, PRESIDENT, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David and good morning.Today I'm pleased to announce Express Scripts's first quarter performance, but first I would like to introduce Ed Stiften, who has joined Express Scripts as our new Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ed comes to us from BJC Healthcare, a large healthcare system with about $2.5 billion in revenues, where he was CFO since 1998. Before joining BJC Healthcare, he held senior positions in finance at Clark Refining and General Dynamics which is a
Express Scripts	net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our web site at express-scripts.com.Now I'd like to turn the call over to Ed Stifton, who will discuss the financial results for our our quarter.ED STIFTON (ph), CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts second quarter performance. For the second quarter, we reported net income of $65.4 million or 83 cents per diluted share. Reported earning included charges of 10 cents per diluted share for charges resulting from the early retirement of debt, which had been
Express Scripts	may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties.The Company's results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earning release which is also posted on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Jeff. He'll discuss
Express Scripts	this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is on our website. At this point I
Express Scripts	conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings.In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point I will turn the call over to Jeff who will
Express Scripts	morning, everyone. With me today are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO, Matt Harper, our Interim CFO, and other members of senior Management.Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements, and may include financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in the Company's filings
Express Scripts	operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website at Express-Scripts.com. And finally, we're having an analyst meeting and a tour of our [Tempe] mail facility on April 7th. If you're planning to attend please send me your RSVP to ensure a place at the meeting for you. At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften who will discuss the financial results for our fourth quarter.ED STIFTEN, SVP, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts' fourth-quarter performance. We reported record fourth-quarter diluted earnings per
Express Scripts	the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften, who will discuss our results for the quarter.ED STIFTEN, SVP & CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts first quarter performance. We reported first quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.70, compared to $0.57 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. First quarter of 2006 includes $0.02 per diluted share in stock
Express Scripts	Ed Stiften who will take a look at our second quarter performance.&nbsp;ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts second quarter performance. We reported second quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.75, a 25% increase from $0.60 per diluted share on an adjusted basis last year, which excludes an $0.08 per diluted share non-recurring tax benefit for last year. For the quarter, the Company reported cash flow from operations of 152.8 million which as we explained last quarter, was negatively impacted by working capital impact from the lower adjusted claims sequentially. We
Express Scripts	addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website.At this point, I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften, who'll discuss our results for the third quarter.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.Today, I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts third quarter performance. Overall, we had a very good third quarter, delivering strong performance in several areas throughout the Company. We reported record third quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.83, representing growth of 24% over last year's adjusted
Express Scripts	at express-scripts.com.&nbsp;At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. This morning we announced that our 2007 diluted earnings per share is expected to be in a range of $3.90 to $4.02 per share, representing growth of 20% to 24% over the midpoint of 2006 guidance range. Our outlook for 2007 continues a trend you have seen over the last several quarters of strong profit growth, driven by higher generic utilization and [inaudible] home delivery, lower drug purchasing costs, increased productivity and capital structure improvements. In addition, we expect to
Express Scripts	posted on our website at express-scripts.com.At this point, I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften, who will discuss our second-quarter results.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' second-quarter performance. Reflecting the 2-for-1 stock split, we reported record second-quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.68 per share, compared to $0.42 per diluted share reported for the same quarter last year. During the quarter, we realized a benefit from some state tax planning strategies, and recorded a one-time non-cash benefit of $11 million, of which 10.2 million pertains to periods prior
Express Scripts	of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP and the adjusted numbers we will be discussing, The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release
Express Scripts	Web site at www.express-scripts.com.Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ed Stiften, who will discuss the financial results for our quarter.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you, David. Today, I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts' third-quarter performance.For the third quarter, reported net income was $62 million, or 80 cents per diluted share, which includes a 20 cent per share charge to increase legal reserves. Excluding this charge, diluted EPS was $1, up 23 percent from the 81 cents reported last year.Gross profit increased 14 percent to 235.4 million from 206.8 million last year, resulting from record levels of
Express Scripts	we would provide 2005 earnings guidance no later than mid-December. As you can see, that guidance was provided earlier this morning. Based on expectations for growth in retail and mail claims volume, including the contribution from CuraScript, further increases in generic utilization, greater productivity and other cost management initiatives and capital structure improvements, we expect that 2005 diluted earnings per share will be in the range of $4.50 to $4.65. This guidance assumes approximately an 8 percent increase in adjusted claims volume. And with respect to the quarterly timing of earnings per share, we are forecasting that the growth rate
Express Scripts	can be found in our earnings release which is posted to our website at express-scripts.com.Now I would like to turn the call over to Ed Stiften who will discuss the financial results for the fourth quarter.EDWARD STIFTEN, CFO, SENIOR VP, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' fourth quarter performance. For the fourth quarter net income was $80.9 million, or $1.07 per diluted share, which represents an increase of 24 percent over the $0.86 per diluted share from last year. For 2004 full year we reported net income of $278.2 million, or $3.59 per
Express Scripts	in the Company's filing with the SEC. In addition the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted to our website. Also our analyst meeting will be held tomorrow beginning at 9 am EDT at our CuraScript facility in Orlando. We look forward to seeing many of you there.Now I would like to turn the call over to Ed Stiften who will discuss the financial results for the quarter.ED STIFTEN, CFO, SVP, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I am pleased to discuss
Express Scripts	conference call may be forward-looking statements, may include financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our recent SEC filing.For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we'll be discussing, and the reconciliation of EBITDA to
Express Scripts	Stiften, who will discuss our financial results.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you David. Today, I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts' third quarter performance.We reported record third quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.68, compared to $0.40 per diluted share reported for the same quarter last year. Both those numbers are unadjusted. Excluding non-recurring items in both years that are discussed in our release, diluted earnings per share in the third quarter was $0.67, an increase of 34% over the $0.50 per diluted share last year. We also generated a record $214.7 million of cash flow from operations, in
Express Scripts	to Ed Stiften who will discuss our guidance for 2006.&nbsp;ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss our earnings guidance for next year. We expect that diluted earnings per share will be in the range of $3.10 to $3.22, including $0.10 per diluted share in stock option expense at FAS number 123-R share based payment will be adopted beginning in January. This represents growth of 21% to 25% over the current 2005 First Call estimate of $2.57. We expect cash flow from operations will be in the range of $625 million to $700 million
Express Scripts	need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking and may be -- may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can be found in our earnings release which is posted
Express Scripts	and uncertainties.The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC reports. For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please prefer to the tables in our press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release is posted on our website. Now at this point, I'll turn the call
Express Scripts	me today are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements that may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in the Company's filings with the
Express Scripts	are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for the reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income
Express Scripts	everyone. With me today are George Paz, Chairman and CEO and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors that are discussed in detail in our SEC filings.For clarity
Express Scripts	the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in the Company's filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes,all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release
Express Scripts	may be forward-looking statements, may include financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risk and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings.For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliations of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can
Express Scripts	begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking, and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be
Express Scripts	addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website.At this point, I'm going to turn the call over to Jeff, who will discuss our second quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.As I'm sure most of you already know from our press release and quarterly filings, Q2 was another strong quarter for Express Scripts. For the past few months, we have been telling you about how we're taking our business model of alignment to the next level
Express Scripts	conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are disclosed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can be found in earnings release which is posted on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Jeff who
Express Scripts	on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are in discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website.At this point I will turn the call
Express Scripts	financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in
Express Scripts	forward-looking and may include, but are not necessarily limited to -- financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risk and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested, and any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we'll be discussing. The
Express Scripts	read the following Safe Harbor Statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions.These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filing with the SEC. For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis.Please refer to the tables in our press release for a reconciliation of
Express Scripts	Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filing with the SEC. For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted
Express Scripts	CEO; and Ed Stiften, our CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The condition's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided
Express Scripts	cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Ed.ED STIFTEN, SVP & CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' fourth quarter performance. We reported record adjusted earnings per share of $0.68 representing a 33% increase over the $0.51 on an adjusted basis for the fourth quarter of last year. For 2007, we reported a 42% increase in adjusted earnings per share to $2.35. We initially guided that earnings would grow 20 to
Express Scripts	to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities, can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Jeff Hall, who will discuss our first quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you David. Before I talk about our first quarter results, let me take a second to answer the three questions I've been hearing. Why did I decide to join Express Scripts? What are my initial impressions from my first month with the company, and what is my vision for the CFO role
Express Scripts	Hall, our new CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are dicussed in detail in our SEC filing.In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by
Express Scripts	we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements. And they include financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intention. These matters involve certain risk and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes, all financial numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables included
Express Scripts	to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities, can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our Website at express-scripts.com.Also, Express Scripts has filed a Proxy statement, in connection with Caremark's special meeting of stockholders, at which Caremark stockholders will consider the CVS merger agreement, and matters in connection therewith. Express Scripts stockholders are strongly advised to read the proxy statement and the accompanying form, a gold proxy card, as they contain important information. Express Scripts also intends to file a proxy statement in connection with Caremark's Annual Meeting of stockholders, at which the
Express Scripts	to Ed Stiften who will discuss our financial results for the quarter.&nbsp;ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' first quarter performance. 2007 has gotten off to a very strong start, continuing a trend you've seen over the last several quarters of strong earnings and profit per script growth. We reported record adjusted earnings per share of $1.04 representing a 49% increase over the $0.70 reported for the first quarter last year. The $1.04 of adjusted earnings per share exceeded our first quarter guidance range of $0.90 to $0.95 due to
Express Scripts	provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed, who will discuss our second quarter performance.ED STIFTEN, CFO, SVP, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts's second quarter performance. We recorded record earnings per share of $0.56, representing a 47% increase the $0.38 per share reported for the second quarter last year. Share amounts reflect a two or one stock split that was effective in June. During the quarter we repurchased 17 million shares on a
Express Scripts	net cash provided by operating activities can be found on our earnings release which is posted on our website. At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed.ED STIFTEN, SVP, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts third quarter performance. Reported record adjusted earnings per share of $0.60 representing a 43% increase over the $0.42 reported for the third quarter last year. For the quarter we generated $247 million of cash flow from operations compared to $158.8 million last year, and we expect to be in the upper half of our previous
Express Scripts	EBITDA, net income and net to cash provided by operating activities can be found on our website at express-scripts.com.At this point I will turn the call over to Ed Stiften.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.This morning we announced that our 2008 diluted earnings per share was expected to be in the range of $2.80 to $2.87, representing growth of 22% to 25% over the midpoint of our current 2007 guidance range. As a result of a successful selling season, we are forecasting that total adjusted claims will increase between 2% and 3% in 2008, with home delivery
Ford Motor	Assistant Treasurer; and David Cosper, Ford Credit CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I'd like to review a couple of quick items. First, copies of this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using here today have been posted on the Ford Investor and Media websites for your reference.I would also point out that the financial results presented here are all on a GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalence as part of the appendix to the slide deck.And, finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some
Ford Motor	this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix in the slide deck.&nbsp;Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of the presentation. These risk factors are detailed in our SEC filings, including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-Ks.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mac.MAC MACDONALD, VP AND TREASURER, FORD MOTORS: Thank you,
Ford Motor	the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation, and these risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K.With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Don Leclair. Don.DON LECLAIR, CFO, FORD MOTOR CO.: Thanks, Barbara. Good morning to everyone. We had a good second quarter.
Ford Motor	As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Bill Agne, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.BILL AGNE, DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning. With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer.
Ford Motor	being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Bill Agne, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.&nbsp;BILL AGNE, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room are Peter Daniel,
Ford Motor	and good morning. Welcome to everyone joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our second-quarter 2013 financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor, and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also participating are Mark Fields, Chief Operating Officer; Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Now, copies of this morning's press
Ford Motor	Controller. We also have some other members of management who are joining us for the call today including Marion Harris, the Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Global Accounting; and George Sharp, Executive Director, Investor Relations.Before we begin, I would like to review a few items. A copy of this morning's earnings release and the slides we will be using today have been posted on Ford Motor Company's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q.Additionally, the financial results presented here are
Ford Motor	Petach, Treasurer; Patricia Little, Director of Accounting and Dave Cosper, Ford Credit's CFO.&nbsp;Please note that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to our slide deck.Just a few administrative details to get out of the way before we get started. First, this room provides us with the ability to handle questions from both audience members and those of you participating remotely by phone. Instructions for queuing in by phone will
Ford Motor	results presented here are on a GAAP basis, and some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everybody that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our Form
Ford Motor	and media websites for your reference. I would also point out that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis, and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of
Ford Motor	Credit's CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to review a couple of quick items. A copy of this morning's earning release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. And as indicated in our press release and 8-K, we will be revising our financial results. Our Third Quarter results discussed in our presentation materials do not reflect those adjustments, which will be reflected in our Third Quarter Form 10-Q. Although some of the information being presented today will differ from that which will be included in our
Ford Motor	results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation. Additionally, these risk factors are detailed in our SEC filings, including our
Ford Motor	this morning at the Ford Motor Company investor website. I should note that about 9:00 AM this morning a revised appendix slide four was posted to the website.&nbsp;I would also point out that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix in the slide deck. I need to remind everyone that today's presentation may include some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from
Ford Motor	on the Ford investor and media websites for your reference. I would also point out that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases, on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectation for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized
Ford Motor	of the slides we will be using this morning at the Ford Motor Company investor website. I would also like point out that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis. And in some cases, on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to the GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix in the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation may include some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the
Ford Motor	of today's call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Brian Harris, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.BRIAN HARRIS, DIRECTOR, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and
Ford Motor	begin, I'd like to review a couple of quick items. First, copies of this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using here today have been posted on the Ford Motor Company investor and media web sites for your reference.I would also point out that the financial results presented here are all on a GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix to the slide deck.And finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for
Ford Motor	earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using here today have been posted on the Ford Motor Company Investor and Media Web sites for your reference.I would also point out that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix to the slide deck.As you know from our comments back on our October earnings call, we will be hosting a meeting next Tuesday morning to review our 2005 business
Ford Motor	the Ford Motor Company investor and media website for your reference. I would also point out that financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix (technical difficulty).Finally I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the
Ford Motor	financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix in the slide deck. I need to remind everyone that today's presentation may include some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here.Additionally, information about these factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of this presentation. Key risk factors are detailed in our SEC filings including our
Ford Motor	in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. K.R. Kent, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.K.R. KENT, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today
Ford Motor	I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our first-quarter financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, our President and CEO of Ford, and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Now before we begin I would like to cover a few items. Copies of today's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for
Ford Motor	Investor Relations. Please proceed.GEORGE SHARP, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or by webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our second-quarter financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer;
Ford Motor	towards the end of this presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Brian Harris, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.BRIAN HARRIS, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katena, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and
Ford Motor	towards the end of this presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Brian Harris, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.BRIAN HARRIS, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katena, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and
Ford Motor	Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.BRIAN HARRIS, DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Tawanda; and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford
Ford Motor	now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. K.R. Kent, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.K.R. KENT, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Good morning. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I'd like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company; Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer; and also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice
Ford Motor	presentation over to Mr. K.R. Kent, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.K.R. KENT, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Tawanda. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; David Brandi, Assistant Treasurer; Paul Andonian,
Ford Motor	all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our fourth-quarter and full-year 2012 financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also participating are Mark Fields, Chief Operating Officer; Stephen Odell, President, Europe, Middle East and Africa; Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike
Ford Motor	over to Mr. George Sharp, Executive Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GEORGE SHARP, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Jenada, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or by webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I'd like to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our first-quarter 2013 financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company; and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also
Ford Motor	Ford Vice President and Treasurer and Stuart Rowley, Ford Vice President and Controller. We also have some other members of management who are joining us for the call, including Marion Harris, Assistant Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Global Accounting; and George Sharp, Executive Director, Investor Relations.Before we begin, I would like to review a few items. A copy of this morning's earnings release and the slides we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed today are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in
Ford Motor	this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Bill Agne, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.BILL AGNE, DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I'd like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room are
Ford Motor	this presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Brian Harris, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.BRIAN HARRIS, DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you are spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford
Ford Motor	Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.K.R. KENT, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit's
Ford Motor	Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or by webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our fourth-quarter and full-year 2011 financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford
Ford Motor	Chanel, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our third-quarter financial results.Of course our thoughts are with everyone impacted by Hurricane Sandy. We considered delaying this call but after much consideration we concluded that given our large and diverse worldwide investor base, changing the timing right before the planned date could cause significant
Ford Motor	release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-K for the year 2007.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases, on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance.
Ford Motor	question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to our host for today's call, Ms. Lillian Etzkorn, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LILLIAN ETZKORN, DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning. With me this morning are
Ford Motor	to review a couple of quick items. Copies of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor relations and media websites. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q for the second quarter.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes
Ford Motor	to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our third-quarter 2013 financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford, who is linking in from our Asia Pacific Africa headquarters in Shanghai, China; and Bob Shanks, CFO. Also participating are Mark Fields, Chief Operating Officer; Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Now, copies of this morning's press release and presentation slides are available on our investor and media website. Please note that
Ford Motor	Seneski, Ford Credit Chief Financial Officer; Neil Schloss, Ford Vice President and Treasurer; and Stuart Rowley, Ford Vice President and Controller. We also have some other members of management who are joining us for the call today including - Marion Harris, Assistant Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Global Accounting; and George Sharp, Executive Director Investor Relations.Before we begin, I would like to review a few items. A copy of this morning's press release and the Fixed Income slides that we will be using today have been posted on the Ford Motor Company's investor and media websites for your reference.The financial
Ford Motor	copy of this morning's earning release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed here and are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-K for the year 2006.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases, on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about
Ford Motor	financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our form 10-Q for the First Quarter.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck. Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could cause future results
Ford Motor	a couple of quick items. A copy of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included on our form 10-Q for the second quarter. Additionally the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's
Ford Motor	a couple of quick items. The focus of today's call will be the third-quarter financial results. We will not discuss our recent labor negotiations with the UAW. Once the tentative agreement is ratified, we plan to host a separate conference call to review the specifics. We ask that you refrain from any questions related to the contract today.A copy of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be
General Electric	and the slides we will be walking through are available on our website at www.GE.com/investor. If you don't see it please refresh. You can download or print to follow along.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.We will be reviewing the GE press release about went out earlier today and have time for Q&A at the end. For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt,
General Electric	Slides are available via the webcast. Slides are also available for download and printing on your website at www.ge.com/investor. If you don't see it, please refresh.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.We will be reviewing the GE press release that went out earlier today and have time for Q&A at the end. For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Vice Chairman
General Electric	download and printing at our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes, please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast there is a large group here. We have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt; our Vice Chairman and new CEO of GE Capital, Keith Sherin; and our new CFO for GE, Jeff Bornstein. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN &
General Electric	along.&nbsp;Also as always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Of course that world can change, and as the world changes our view can change. We'd ask you to interpret our comments in that light.On the call this morning we're going to cover the fourth quarter of 2005 as well as our total-year performance, as I said. We will give you an outlook for the first quarter of '06 and allow time at the end of the call for your questions. To cover
General Electric	as we always say, today, our presentation does contain forward-looking statements that are based on the world and economic environment as we see it today. That is subject to change. Please view that in your information in light of that.Today, we will cover first-quarter earnings, second-quarter outlook and then we'll open it up to questions. To do that, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Senior Vice President and CFO, Keith Sherin. So at this time, I'd like to turn it over to Jeff.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone. We had
General Electric	CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Dan, thanks. I want to review a strong quarter for the Company starting with the environment. The markets for our products and services still remain very strong. The economy is solid. It is really being fueled by tremendous global infrastructure spend. We're seeing great growth around the world and the capital markets and liquidity are still very favorable, and we're still seeing strength with the U.S. consumer.Everybody is dealing with more inflation and interest rate increases, but we've been able to by and large factor that into our business model. The one challenging business
General Electric	slides are there.&nbsp;You can download and print and follow along. Please also remember that as always elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements, of course, can change as the world changes and we'd ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we'll cover our current quarter performance, our outlook for the third quarter as well as 2004 total year and allow an amount of time for Q&A at the end of the presentation. With that we'd like to go
General Electric	in that light. This morning, we're going to cover the third-quarter performance. We'll give you an outlook for the fourth quarter and as usual, we'll set some time aside at the end to take your questions. For the call this morning we've got Jeff Immelt, our CEO and Keith Sherin, our Senior Vice President and CFO and with that, Jeff, why don't we tee off.JEFF IMMELT, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Bill. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I'll just go straight into the third-quarter performance. Another strong quarter for the company. Our business fundamentals remain positive. We have continued strong orders growth
General Electric	welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's third-quarter 2010 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning. The presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor. We will have time for Q&A at the end.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have
General Electric	also our outlook for the fourth quarter and total year 2004 and of course, at the end, we will allow time for Q&A.This morning, we are joined by Jeff Immelt, our Chairman and CEO, and Keith Sherin, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I will turn it over to Jeff to kick the call off.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Three months ago, I started off by saying that it was the best economy for GE businesses that we had seen since 2000 and that strong economy in the world
General Electric	us.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Of course, those elements can change as the world changes, and we'd ask that you interpret all of our comments in that light.This morning we'll cover our current quarter performance, we'll give you some highlights of 2004, spend a few minutes on our outlook for the first quarter of 2005, and of course allow time at the end for Q&As.To do all of that we have JEFF IMMELT, our Chairman and CEO. Unfortunately though,
General Electric	the presentation slides are available via the webcast. Slides are available for download and printing on our website, www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of the presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would now like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great,
General Electric	via the webcast. Slides are also available for download or printing on our website at www.ge.comm/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thanks, Trevor, and good morning, everyone.
General Electric	and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. Slides are also available for downloading and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor. We'll have time for Q&A at the end.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice-Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF
General Electric	the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor. We will have time for Q&A at the end.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and
General Electric	as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt and our Vice Chairman and CFO Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just at the outset I would say I think the GE team had a really great quarter.Our environment continues to improve. Media buying was strong. Rail loadings were positive. Revenue passenger miles were positive. Losses have
General Electric	VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Michael. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's fourth-quarter and total year 2010 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. Slides are available for download and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor. As always, we will have time for Q&A at the end.Elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change
General Electric	Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's first-quarter 2011 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are also available for download printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor.Due to the holiday tomorrow, we are reporting one day early and recognize this is a very busy earnings day for analysts and investors. To manage time constraints, we will move through the presentation fairly quickly and would appreciate if you could limit the questions to one per person during
General Electric	webcast. The slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice-Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thanks, Trevor and good morning, everybody. Hey,
General Electric	we will be walking through are available on our website at www.GE.com. If you don't see it, please refresh. You can download or print to follow along.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light. We will be reviewing the GE press release that went out earlier today and have time for Q&A at the end.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice
General Electric	have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thanks, Trevor, and good morning, everyone. Just on the overview page, clearly to everyone the environment remains very volatile. The global financial system is tough. We see consumer confidence falling, unemployment up again last week, but we still see pockets of strength in Infrastructure and Media, and we see that in both orders and our relative performance.The performance we announced this morning is completely
General Electric	webcast. The slides car also available for download and printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor. If you don't see it please refresh. As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes, please interpret them in this light. We will be reviewing the GE press release from earlier today and have time for Q&A at the end. For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt; our Vice Chairman and CFO Keith Sherin, and
General Electric	webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor. We will have time for Q&A at the end of the presentation.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and
General Electric	and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. Slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND
General Electric	the press release earlier this morning. The presentation slides are available. Slides are available for download printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY:
General Electric	and the presentation slides are available via the webcast on our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC CO.: Great, Trevor, thanks. Good morning, everybody. Look,
General Electric	take your questions. To do that we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman, CFO, Keith Sherin. So at this time, I'd like to turn it of to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Dan, thanks. Good morning, everyone.I want to start with the chart that we kind of ended with at our December meeting on invest and deliver and really use this to frame, I think, very good performance by the Company. If you just kind of track down, we said we were going to deliver a good EPS of
General Electric	at the outset that we are disappointed in our performance. We missed our guidance, primarily, but not solely driven, by financial services. We did continue to see a few bright spots. Our global growth was very strong at up 22% emerging markets and even the developed ex US were solid, but we did see a slowing US economy in Q1.The industrial earnings were up substantially, really led by infrastructure, which remains strong across the board, but the financial services environment was very difficult and became even more difficult late in the quarter and commercial finance and GE Money were down
General Electric	our investor website at www.ge.com/investor. Today's presentation does contain forward-looking statements based on the world and economic environment as we see it today and that is subject to change.Today, we are going to cover our first-quarter results, second-quarter and total year outlook and to do that, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. So at this time, I would like to turn it over to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Dan. Good morning, everyone. Just say at the outset that we are disappointed
General Electric	at 6:30 with our financial information. That, along with today's presentation and supplemental financials are available at our investor website at www.GE.com/investor. You can follow along via the webcast or you can download and print the information.Today's presentation does contain forward-looking statements based on the world and economic environment as we see it today and it is subject to change.We will be going through today in the presentation an update on second-quarter operations and financial results and outlook on third quarter. To do that, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin.
General Electric	and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. So I would like to turn it over to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Dan, thanks. Welcome, everybody. Just to go straight to the overview page. We believe we had a solid performance in a tough environment, delivering $0.54 per share and continuing operations in line with guidance. We're really driven by global revenue growth of 24%, offsetting a sluggish US economy and our long-term positioning of the Company outside the United States has really benefited us in the second quarter of '08.The industrial businesses
General Electric	earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are available on our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin, and we are excited to get started. So we
General Electric	new for us. Slides are available for download or printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking or based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Senior Vice President and CFO, Jeff Bornstein. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor. Thanks and good morning, everyone.
General Electric	with us today. So why don't I kick it over to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GE: Great, Dan. Thanks. Good morning everybody. As Dan said we've got a lot to cover today. Just to go through the agenda, we're going go through the fourth quarter of total year '06. We're going to go through the FAS 133 restatement and then we're going to switch gears and talk about the first quarter and total year '07. And lastly we'll go through all of the acquisitions [inaudible] and give you a sense of how they impact
General Electric	GE Infrastructure; and Mark Begor, who is Senior Vice President and CEO of GE Money-Americas. So I would like to turn it over to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Dan. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I wanted to make just four broad points about the Company. The first one is just the broad strength of GE, led by our Infrastructure business. I think if you look at our Infrastructure business today, we are in the very early phase of, I think, a long-term secular time period where we have high
General Electric	deliver a solid lower as 2007 the EPS was up 13%. We think we've got great visibility looking at the future. We did have gain in the quarter that was more than offset by restructuring. Really high visibility in organic growth and margin expansion.The second quarter orders were a record up 32%, we grew our backlog. We've got very strong global demand, up 21% in revenue. We continue our focus on margin expansion. Year-to-date we're up 120 basis points, we're up 70 basis points for the quarter. This is a big initiative inside the Company, and one that we're committed
General Electric	over to Jeff now.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Dan. Good morning everyone. On the first page, just wanted to cover some of the highlights. The environment we believe remains good for GE. Global markets are solid and the financial market risk is repricing. This shows up in phenomenal growth numbers. Our revenues were up 12%, orders up 20%, assets up 23%, and organic growth at 8%.We delivered solid operating performance despite a few specific one-time headwinds. We did have a $100 million negative mark on our financial service business. We had in the infrastructure business some pull
Gilead Sciences	I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Good afternoon, and welcome to Gilead's fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings conference call. We're pleased you could join us today. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for our fourth quarter and year ended December 31st, 2008. This press release is available on our website at www.gilead.com. We've also posted slides that outline the topics discussed on today's call. Joining me on the call today to discuss our results are
Gilead Sciences	all participants are in a listen-only mode; and as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to Patrick O'Brien, Vice President of Investor Relations.PATRICK O'BRIEN, VP IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, Cheverly. Good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the first quarter, which is available on our website, where you can also find detailed slides that support today's call.For our prepared remarks and Q&A I am joined by Chairman and CEO John Martin; our President and Chief Operating Officer, John Milligan; our Executive
Gilead Sciences	President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK O'BRIEN, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES INC: Good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the second quarter, which is available on our website, where you can also find detailed slides that support today's call. For our prepared remarks and Q&A, I am joined by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Martin; our President and Chief Operating Officer, John Milligan; our Executive Vice President of Research and Development, Norbert Bischofberger; our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, Kevin Young, and our Chief Financial Officer, Robin Washington.Before
Gilead Sciences	Stacy, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, October 19, 2010. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thank you, Stacy, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gilead's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available
Gilead Sciences	Senior Director of Investor Relations.&nbsp;I'll begin the call by briefly reviewing the third quarter financial results, and will provided updated guidance for the full year 2004. Then John Martin, Mark Perry, and Kevin Young will take you through the corporate and product related highlights for the quarter. We will keep our comments relatively brief to allow time at the end of this call to answer your questions.First, let me start with the standard Safe Harbor statement. I would like to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements relating to the financial results and clinical and regulatory developments. These
Gilead Sciences	Then, John Martin and Kevin Young will take you through the corporate and product-related highlights for the quater. We'll keep our comments relatively brief to allow time at the end of this call to answer your questions.First, let me start with the standard Safe Harbor statement. I would like to remind you that we'll be making forward-looking statements related to financial results, projections, and clinical and regulatory developments. These statements are subject to the occurrences of many events outside of Gilead's controls and are subject to various risks that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed
Gilead Sciences	will be your conference operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, April 20, 2011. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thank you, Stacy. Good afternoon and welcome to Gilead's first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available on our website, as are the slides
Gilead Sciences	second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. My name is Stacy, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, July 26, 2011.I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, Stacy, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Gilead's second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings
Gilead Sciences	and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Gilead's first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available on our website, as are the slides that provide more detail around some of the topics we will cover on today's call.The speakers for will be John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President R&D and Chief Scientific Officer; Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.Robin will first discuss our financial results. Kevin will review
Gilead Sciences	listen-only mode. And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Patrick O'Brien, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK O'BRIEN, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, Chanel. Good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. The press release and earnings slides are available on our website. For our prepared remarks and Q&A I am joined by our Chairman and CEO, John Martin; our President and COO, John Milligan; our EVP of R&D and CSO, Norbert Bischofberger;
Gilead Sciences	conference call is being recorded today, July 20, 2010. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thank you Stacy. Good afternoon. Welcome to Gilead's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the second quarter 2010. This press release is available on our website at www.gilead.com, as are the slides that provide much more details around the topics discussed today on this call. Based on outreach to you and feedback from our investors,
Gilead Sciences	Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Gilead Sciences' fourth-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. My name is Stacy and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, January 25, 2011.I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go
Gilead Sciences	this conference call is being recorded.I would not like to turn the call over to Patrick O'Brien, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK O'BRIEN, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the fourth quarter, which is available on our website, where you can also find detailed slides that supports today's call.For our prepared remarks and Q&A, I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, John Martin; our President and Chief Operating Officer, John Milligan; our Vice President and Research and Development, Norbert Bischofberger;
Gilead Sciences	are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, October 16, 2008.I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Good afternoon. Welcome to Gilead's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. We are pleased you could join us today.We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2008. This press release is available on our website at www.gilead.com. We've also posted slides that outline the
Gilead Sciences	(Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, July 21, 2009. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thank you, Melanie, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gilead's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. We're pleased you could join us today. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2009. This press release is available on our web site at www.gilead.com. We've also posted slides that outline the topics discussed on
Gilead Sciences	question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, October 20, 2009. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;SUSAN HUBBARD, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thank you, Melanie and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gilead's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. We're pleased you could join us today. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2009. This press release is available on our website at www.Gilead.com. We've also posted slides that outline the topics discussed on this
Gilead Sciences	Thank you, Veronica. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Gilead's third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available on our website as are the slides that provide much more detail around the topics covered on today's call.Your speakers for today will be John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer. John Martin will review the third-quarter milestones, Robin will discuss our financial results and commercial
Gilead Sciences	relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK O'BRIEN, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, Ann. Good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the third quarter which are available on our website. You can also find a detailed earnings slide deck that will support some of the topics we will cover on today's call.For our prepared remarks and Q&A, I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, John Martin; our President and Chief Operating Officer, John Milligan; our Executive Vice President of Research and Development, Norbert Bischofberger; our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, Kevin Young;
Gilead Sciences	will take you through the corporate and product related highlights for the quarter, John Milligan will be reviewing the fourth quarter and full year 2007 financial results and financial guidance for 2008, and Kevin Young will summarize our commercial milestones and provide more color on the market dynamics surrounding our various franchises. We'll then allow time at the end of our call to answer your questions. Before I turn the call over to John Martin for the corporate update, I would like to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements relating to future events, expectations, trends, objectives and
Gilead Sciences	session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, April 16, 2008. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Good afternoon. Welcome to Gilead's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. We're pleased you could join us today. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2008. This press release is also available on our Website at www.gilead.com. Joining me on today's call to discuss our results are John Martin, President and Chief
Gilead Sciences	VP IR, GILEAD SCIENCES INC: Thank you, Erica and good afternoon everyone.We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the third quarter, which is available on our website where you can also find detailed slides that support today's call. For our prepared remarks and Q&A, I'm joined by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Martin; our President and Chief Operating Officer, John Milligan; our Executive Vice President of Research and Development, Norbert Bischofberger; our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, Kevin Young; and Chief Financial Officer, Robin Washington.Before we begin with our formal remarks, we want
Gilead Sciences	EU. 3. YoverY, non-GAAP R&D expenses up $105m. 1. Mainly attributable to increased investments in Phase II and III programs in oncology and Phase III programs in HIV. 4. Non-GAAP SG&A spending up about $90m as Co. continued to expand infrastructure to support anticipated launch of sofosbuvir. 2. Full-Year 2013 Guidance: 1. Increasing non-GAAP net product revenue guidance to $10.3-10.4b. 1. Represents $200m increase from top-end of previous guidance. 2. R&D expense guidance will increase to $1.95-2.00b. 3. SG&A expense guidance will decrease to $1.50-1.55b. 4. Tax guidance is now 26-27%. 5. All other aspects of guidance remain unchanged. 3.
Gilead Sciences	provide financial guidance for 2007. John Martin, Norbert Bischofberger, and Kevin Young will take you through the corporate and product related highlights for the quarter. We'll allow time at the end of this call to answer your questions.First, I would like to remind you that we will be making statements relating to future events, expectations, trends, objectives and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Act of 1995. These statements are based on certain assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially
Gilead Sciences	guidance for 2007. Norbert Bischofberger, Kevin Young and John Martin will take you through the product related and corporate highlights for the quarter. We'll have time at the end of the call to answer your questions.First, I would like to remind you that we will be making statements related to future events, expectations, trends, objectives, and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Private Securities Act of 1995. These statements are based on certain assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially there those
Gilead Sciences	updated financial guidance for 2007. John Martin, Norbert Bischofberger and Kevin Young will take you through the corporate and product-related highlights for the quarter. We will allow time at the end of this call to answer your questions.First, I would like to remind you we will be making forward-looking statements related to future events, expectations, trends, objectives and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Act of 1995. These statements are based on certain assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially
Gilead Sciences	by giving a brief overview of our drug development programs highlighting our achievements during '07 and our anticipated milestones for '08 and then open the all call to questions from the professional investment community.Before we begin, I advise that certain statements made in this conference may constitute forward-looking statements and may consequently invoke the Safe Harbor, various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements including comments predicting the timing of financing, strategic partnering, regulatory actions, clinical trials, or the efficacy of our products. Although we believe that the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
General Motors	the financial press is participating.&nbsp;This morning, John Devine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover an earnings review for the fourth quarter and calendar year; will review our '04 priorities, and will provide some guidance relative to Q1. After the presentation portion of the call, thirty minutes will be set aside for Q&A from security analysts, followed by thirty minutes of Q&A session with the financial press.I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions, included is Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller; Bill Muir, Executive Vice President and CFO of GMAC;
General Motors	GAAP equivalent results that are in G.M.'s financial statements.&nbsp;I would also like to mention that G.M. is broadcasting this call live via the Internet, and that the financial press is participating. This morning John Devine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover an earnings review of Q1, a brief outlook for Q2 and the calendar year. As always, after the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for Q&A from security analysts followed by 30 minutes for a Q&A session with the financial press. I would also like to mention that we have several other
General Motors	MOTORS CORP.: Thank you, very much. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review our 2008 third quarter results that we sent to you earlier this morning. I'd first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. Like always, the content of our call will be governed by this language. I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's Regulation G, we have provided some supplemental charts at the end of these charts that we'll be speaking to today in order to
General Motors	Regulation G, we have provided some supplemental charts at the end of these charts that we'll be speaking to today that will provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning, Ray Young, GM Executive Vice President and CFO, will review our results. After the presentation portion of the call, we'll have about 30 minutes set aside for questions from both the security
General Motors	to direct your attention to the legend regarding exchange offer information on forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first couple of pages of the chart set. The contents of our call will be governed by this language.I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's Reg G we have provided some supplemental charts at the end of these charts that we are speaking to today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.As always, GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet, and the
General Motors	press release was issued this morning and the conference call materials are available on the Investor Relations website. We are also broadcasting this call on the web.Before we begin I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. The content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Akerson, General Motors Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks followed by a review of the financial results with Dan Ammann, Executive Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call
General Motors	end of the charts that we'll speak to you today, in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well. This morning, Fritz Henderson, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover a review of the fourth quarter and calendar year results. Note that GM's results for the fourth quarter of 2005 and the calendar year are preliminary and may be revised prior
General Motors	broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover a review of first-quarter results. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by about 30 minutes for the financial press. I would ask that you please limit your questions to no more than two questions.I would also like to mention we have several other key executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are John Devine, Vice Chairman;
General Motors	GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover a review of our second-quarter performance. After the presentation portion of the call, 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes for the financial press.I would also like to mention that today we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller; Mark Newman, CFO of GM North America; Sanjiv Khattri, Executive VP and CFO
General Motors	is broadcasting this call live via the Internet, and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will provide a review of our Q3 results. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes of Q&A with financial press.I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller; Mark Newman, CFO of GM North America; Sanjiv Khattri, Executive VP and CFO
General Motors	results as discussed and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I would would also like to highlight the GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning John Divine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover a second quarter '05 earnings review, and Sanjiv Khattri, Executive VP and CFO of GMAC will cover the GMAC portion. After the presentation portion of the call, 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts followed by 30 minutes from the financial press. I would also like
General Motors	results as discussed today and the GAAP-equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating.This morning, Rick Wagoner, our Chairman and CEO, will be joining us for about an hour and provide an update on GM's turnaround plan, and John Devine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover an update on Q3 earnings. After the presentation portion of the call, 30 to 40 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 15 or 20 minutes
General Motors	supplemental charts at the end of the charts that we'll be speaking to you today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today, and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live, via the internet, and that the financial press is participating. This morning, John Devine, CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover during his review a brief outlook for Q4 in the calendar year. After the presentation portion of the call, we will set aside about 30 minutes for questions from
General Motors	to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today, and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet, and that the financial press is participating as well. This morning, John Devine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover earnings review, as well as a brief outlook for Q4 and the calendar year.After the presentation, 30 minutes will be set aside for Q&A from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes of Q&A from the financial press. Also joining us today are
General Motors	order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I'd also like to highlight that GM is is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning, John Devine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover the Q1 '05 earnings review. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by a Q&A session from the financial press.I would also like to mention that we have several
General Motors	our press release was issued earlier this morning, and the conference call materials are available on the Investor Relations website. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Akerson, General Motors' Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a more detailed review with Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will
General Motors	materials are available on the Investor Relations website. We would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Akerson, General Motors' Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a more detailed review by Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing comments.After
General Motors	call materials are available on the investor relations website. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the contents of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Akerson, General Motors Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks followed by a more detailed review by Dan Ammann, Senior Vice president and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing
General Motors	Good morning, and thanks for joining us as we review our 2010 second-quarter results.As you know, our press release was issued earlier this morning and the conference call material are available on the Investor Relations website. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting the call via the Internet and the financial media is participating as well.Before we begin, I'd like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call today will be governed by this language. I would also like to
General Motors	would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motors Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks and a summary of our fourth-quarter and calendar-year results, followed by a more detailed review with Chris Liddell, Vice Chairman and CFO. Dan will then provide some closing remarks. After the presentation portion of the call, we'll open
General Motors	on the Investor Relations website. GM is also broadcasting this call live via the Internet.Before we begin, I'd like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page in the chart set. As always, the contents of our call is governed by this language.This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motors' Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a review of the financial results with Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing comments. After the presentation portion of the call, we
General Motors	as we review our 2008 second-quarter results that we sent out earlier this morning.I'd first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language. I should also mention that to comply with SEC's Regulation G, we've provided some supplemental charts, at the end of the charts that we will be speaking to you today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial
General Motors	participating as well.&nbsp;This morning Fritz Henderson, GM President and Chief Operating Officer, will open with a brief overview of operational highlights and strategies, followed by Ray Young, GM Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review our Q2 earnings results. After the presentation portion of the call, approximately 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes for questions from the financial press. I would also like to mention we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions including Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Michael DiGiovanni, Executive Director,
General Motors	is broadcasting this call live via the Internet.Before we begin I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motors' Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a more detailed review by Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing remarks.After the presentation portion of the call we will open up the lines for questions from
General Motors	also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motors Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a more detailed review by Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing comments. After the presentation portion of the call, we will open
General Motors	results. Our press release was issued earlier this morning and the conference call materials are available on the Investor Relations website. I would also like to mention that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motor's Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a more detailed review with Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson
General Motors	was issued earlier this morning and the conference call materials are available on the investor relations website. I would also like to mention that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the contents of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Ackerson, GM Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks followed by a more detailed review of the financial results with Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO, who will
General Motors	morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review our 2007 fourth quarter and calendar year results that we sent to you earlier this morning. I'd like to first direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set, like always the content of our call will be governed by this language.I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's Regulation G, we provided some supplemental charts in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and GAAP equivalent results in GM 's financial
General Motors	is broadcasting this call live via the internet and that the financial press is participating as well. This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover our fourth quarter and calendar year results. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by questions from the financial press. I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions.With us today are Ray Young, Group Vice President, Finance; Walter Borst, Treasurer; Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer;
General Motors	closing comments. And Ray Young, GM's Chief Financial Officer, will cover our first quarter earnings review.After that presentation, approximately 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by approximately 30 minutes for questions from the financial press.I would also like to mention, we have several other executives available today to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Walter Borst, Treasurer. Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller. David Meline, CFO of GM North America and Mike DiGiovanni, Executive Director, Global Market and Industry Analysis. Now I would like to turn the call over to Fritz Henderson.FRITZ HENDERSON,
General Motors	for joining us as we review our 2008 first-quarter results that we sent out this morning.I would first like to direct your attention to the legend involving forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. Like always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's regulation G, we have provided some supplemental charts that provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results in GM's financial statements.We would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this
General Motors	quarter of 2013.Our press release was issued earlier this morning and the conference call materials are available on the investor relations website. We are also broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. The content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Akerson, General Motors Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks followed by a review of the financial results with Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks
General Motors	our Investor Relations website. We are also broadcasting this call live on the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. The content of our call will be governed by this language. This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motors' Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks followed by a review of the financial results with Dan Ammann, Executive Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing comments. After the presentation portion of the call, we
General Motors	and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I'd also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the internet, and the financial press is participating, as well. This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will provide a review of the fourth quarter and calendar year. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes with the financial press. I would also like to mention, today we've got several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With
General Motors	is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO will cover our first quarter earnings review. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes of questions with the financial press. I would also like to mention we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions today, included are Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; David Meline, CFO of GM North America; Paul Ballew, Executive
General Motors	well. This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover our second quarter earnings review. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by a Q&A session with the financial press. I would also like to mention we have several other executives available today to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Walter Borst, Treasure; Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; David Meline, CFO of GM North America and Paul Ballew, Executive Director of Global Market and Industry Analysis. Now I would
General Motors	in GM's financial statements. I would also like to highlight GM is broadcasting this call live via the internet, and that the financial press is participating.This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover our third quarter earnings review. After the presentation portion of the call, 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes with the financial press. I would also like to mention we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Walter Borst, Treasurer; Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer;
GlaxoSmithKline	on how things are going in R&D, culminating with a specific update on several of our more mature drugs which are making transitions as we speak. And then we will obviously have a Q&A session at the end. So that is pretty much the layout of this session.Before I hand over to Julian, I just want to context and give you my impressions of where we are as a Company. 2008 was always going to be a challenging year for the Group. We knew we were going to face a pretty heavy hit from genericization of some of our key
GlaxoSmithKline	WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Good afternoon and thank you for joining myself and Julian Heslop, our CFO, on this call today. Before I open up for Q&A, I would like to make a few comments. This first quarter performance marks what we always expected to be the year of two halves for GSK.The year-on-year comparative effect of generic competition to products in the US at its most extreme in the first six months of 2009. Generic competition to our neuroscience portfolio in the US reduced sales by close to GBP450 million compared to the same quarter last year. This largely accounts
GlaxoSmithKline	pleased to say that our business is performing well. We're delivering on our strategy to improve financial performance for the group and during the quarter, EPS grew 4% to 26.3p at constant exchange rates and we've increased our dividend by 6% to 18p a share. Importantly, we continue to deliver very encouraging progress on our pipeline. This quarter alone, we saw three major new product approvals in the US -- BREO, a new treatment for COPD and TAFINLAR and MEKINIST for the treatment of metastatic melanoma.These new medicines are clear evidence of the innovation GSK is producing in areas of
GlaxoSmithKline	faster than we did in the past. It was always $0.01 a year. We went crazy this year and went $0.01 this year. But it will increase the yield of stock and it also should give you confidence about the future.In terms of the pipeline, if you look back at 2001, this has been really a steady increase in not just the number of projects but also the diversity, the quality, the novelty of all the items that are now in our pipeline. As you can see, looking at the green and the blue, the late stage phase of the
GlaxoSmithKline	a short-term opportunity for us and possibly make comments as well about the others if you have any questions.&nbsp;I just would like to address very briefly Tykerb and Cervarix. But do note that we, again, increased the size of our phase III pipeline by starting four major programs, eltrombopag, a treatment for low platelet counts, Pazopanib VGF inhibitors that we will be studying in renal cancer and, of course, our antagonist for the treatment of [hemozis] and then the H5N1 pandemic vaccine.If you look at Tykerb, as you know we interrupted the study that demonstrated the efficacy of Tykerb for
GlaxoSmithKline	pipeline, some of the highlights, and David, of course, will fill you in on our key franchises.&nbsp;In the case of Entereg, we have now filed significant information with the FDA. This has been going back and forth in the regulatory review, but our later submission is very solid. We have a double-blind study of 624 patients, showing that in bowel resections the drug accelerates recovery, and patients can be let out of the hospital faster. We think this is very strong evidence to support this product. I like Entereg because it has significant potential. In the U.S. alone there are
GlaxoSmithKline	reflect the current trend of our business, but also the doubling of the share buyback and the increase in the dividend. We feel that at this point, having put aside some of the risks to our cash position such as the tax settlement and the like, we're in a position to give back to the shareholders without having to incur additional debt. So, this is kind of the plan for the future.In terms of the key product news, I'm trying to pick and choose in there what's really important, because the some of the news are more important and will
GlaxoSmithKline	is like switching the light on, 90 percent of the product goes away within weeks.&nbsp;So, during those three years, the Company has faced what has been probably the most challenging generic erosion of any pharma company for a long, long time and yet, assuming our guidance comes true for '04, during that same period, the Company would have grown profits by about 8 percent on average every year. So, we are able to take major hits from the aging part of our product line and despite that, we're not going backwards; we're going forward.Now, how is that possible? First of
GlaxoSmithKline	of the pipeline, and we now know that two of them are looking very solid, and we have made a commitment to talk to you about the next two in November. So, I'll be coming back and telling you a little bit more about the Phase II results with 698 and also 016, and a few other things that concern our pipeline. But let me, without any delay talk about the financial performance, which has been good. We ended the quarter ahead of expectations despite significant enrolls from the generics, but otherwise what saved the day was the strengths of
GlaxoSmithKline	far. And David will comment on this. And we've made progress in the pipeline as well. I think it's important to remember that we are introducing several new products this year, Vesicare, but more recently Boniva and Requip, and, of course, we had our R&D day not long ago, featuring some of the vaccines, so I'm not going to comment on the vaccines this time. But we do expect our five -- five major vaccines to be launched over the next five years.And, finally, I want to concentrate on just giving you some additional statistics on the pipeline. You remember
GlaxoSmithKline	consumer breakdown. We have come to that conclusion because we have identified and we started to pick up a sense that some of our more pure play consumer competitors who don't necessarily go through this level of detail were using our disclosures against us. So were using those as ways of trying to predict what we were doing or not doing.So I just wanted to put into context those couple of points. We are all for transparency, but not if it costs us competitiveness. And I think probably you and the shareholders would agree with that. So that is why
GlaxoSmithKline	it is quite tricky following the underlying performance of GSK, given all of the different moving parts. I just want to take a couple of minutes to comment on that.First of all, with regard to general macro factors, such as US healthcare reform and European austerity driven measures such as price cuts and delays in tendering, that had an effect of around GBP140 million on sales growth for the quarter. So in other words, sales would have been about GBP140 million higher if we hadn't seen the additional European price cuts and the US healthcare reform activity that we saw
GlaxoSmithKline	you look at product performance overall it was a pretty good quarter with the usual suspects, Avandia, Advair, Coreg, Lamictal, Valtrex, even the Avatrin (ph) business, everything was going up in double digit terms and that's very reassuring for the future.Now, if you look at the pipeline situation, I would like you to move to the next slide for some of you who follow this on the web, and give you maybe some sense of what's going on with the key filings. In terms of '016, Lapatinib, we are continuing our trial in breast cancer. There will be some information
GlaxoSmithKline	I want to cover a few points on the pipeline.We just released two products on the US market that are really big opportunities particularly Boniva and also VESIcare and we expect several more approvals this year. David will review the progress of those products shortly. Let me move on to the pipeline. You see on the slide that there are 15 Phase 2 assets, which we highlighted in February with an extra two radafaxine and Entereg and of course we have some key Phase 3 assets. I am not going to make a comment on each and every one of
GlaxoSmithKline	being driven by growth from a broad range of the businesses that we have been investing in over the last three years, and particularly the Emerging Markets, Japan, our vaccine business, consumer healthcare, all of which are offsetting the declines you have seen in the US, which, of course, were augmented during this quarter by the various price cuts which are going on.Just to look in a little bit more detail at one or two of those areas of growth, Emerging Markets in particular, if you look at our Emerging Markets AsiaPac business, which is the business that Abbas Hussain
GlaxoSmithKline	got some of my colleagues from the executive management team of GSK here in the room, and maybe they could stand up as I introduce them. There is Abbas Hussain, who runs our Emerging Markets pharmaceutical business; Deirdre Connelly, who runs our US pharmaceutical business; David Redfern, who is Chief Strategy Officer for the Company also looks after Stiefel and also the ViiV business; Moncef Slaoui, who is the Chairman of our R&D business and also has taken over responsibility for our Global Vaccines business; and, of course, I've got Simon Dingemans here at the front with me, and Phil
GlaxoSmithKline	a better indication of the operating performance of the business. It also brings us into line with our peers. On this basis sales grew 2% and EPS grew 7% in the quarter. In terms of the 2% sales growth, really demonstrates a resilient performance given the continued economic pressures and challenging political environment we face in many markets.As is always the case in any quarter, there was some one-off factors which affected reported performance. This was particularly acute in the emerging market region where sales grew 2% and were impacted by ongoing instability in the Middle East and the phasing
GlaxoSmithKline	to Mr. Joshi. You may go ahead, sir.ANIRUDDHA JOSHI, RESEARCH ANALYST, ANAND RATHI RESEARCH: Yes, thanks, Lanya. On behalf of Anand Rathi Research, we welcome you to the first quarter CY12 results conference call of GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare.We have with us Mr. Ramakrishnan Subramanian, Director of Finance and Miss Pooja Thakur, Head of Financial Accounting. From Anand Rathi we have also Mr. Shirish Pardeshi, Head of Research joining on the call. Now I hand over to Mr. Ramakrishnan for his comments on the results.Thanks, and over to you, sir.RAMAKRISHNAN SUBRAMANIAN, DIRECTOR OF FINANCE, GLAXOSMITHKLINE CONSUMER HEALTHCARE LTD: Thanks, Aniruddha. GSK's
GlaxoSmithKline	The first is some very, very good progression of the advanced pipeline. We will talk a little bit more about that but clearly during the quarter we have seen a lot of very encouraging data, particularly around some of the bigger potential assets in the pipeline. While there is much still to do to bring those assets to the marketplace, it is clearly coming into shape as a potential driver of enhanced organic growth going forward.Secondly, again the quarter has been characterized by a continued deterioration in the external environment, especially in Europe where we took a 7% negative price
GlaxoSmithKline	excellent performance. Avandia growing up 22%. Products such as Lamictal, Coreg, Valtrex still going strong. And the new products such as Boniva and the like are contributing. And finally an excellent quarter for the vaccine business up 20%. Now, if you look at the foreign exchange that Julian will comment, finally, finally, after three years of waiting, we're getting a bit of a small positive and that's why EPS growth was actually reported [starting terms] up 20% for the quarter.Now, besides the strong financial third quarter it is important quarter for our again vaccine business. We have completed the acquisition
GlaxoSmithKline	think it's also an important year psychologically because it saw the return to sales growth for the first time since 2007. And it's sometimes interesting, and I did this little sort of analysis on Friday just to look back. And during '07, '08 and '09, between US generics and the loss of an Avandia sales, the Company actually lost GBP4.5 billion of turnover in the '07-'08-'09 period, but actually grew by GBP500 million.So in that period where we clearly had tremendous pressure on us from US generics and Avandia, to name just a couple of big areas, we've been able
GlaxoSmithKline	up 4% for the quarter, and I think demonstrating the sustainability of our sales growth.Our established and new products both help drive this momentum. Let me give you a couple of examples. Seretide/Advair was up 9% to GBP1.3 billion. Cervarix was up 60% to GBP77 million. Synflorix in its second quarter at GBP45 million, and Tykerb, a treatment for advanced breast cancer, up 62% to GBP53 million.Sales from what I call white pill in Western markets accounted for just 27% of sales in Q1. That excludes, by the way, the pandemic flu products in the 27% compared to 32% this
GlaxoSmithKline	know who is here, because they may -- they will be available for you to chat to afterwards in coffee. I thought it was a great chance for you to meet some of our most senior management and the people who are leading some of the biggest bits of the Company.So if I worked down the room, Darrell Baker, who is the head of our Research and Development organization for all of our advanced inhaled respiratory products. And you seen some announcements on that today. In front of Darrell is Eddie Gray, who is the President of our European operation.Let's
GlaxoSmithKline	good if you ask him lots of really difficult questions, so he doesn't relax that much.Let me take you through the results. Before I do that, unfortunately I think as many others I need to just share with you this statement, hopefully to draw your attention to it and you can probably recite it better than I can. Let me move on to where we are as a group. Nothing's changed in terms of the strategy of the Company. But clearly as we moved through the last few years, I think it's becoming clearer and clearer what GSK really is.
GlaxoSmithKline	ie -- excluding divestments such as the consumer product sale in Vesicare from last year. My commentary from now on is going to focus on just the ongoing business. I was very pleased to see, once again, broadly based growth coming from the US, EMAP, and consumer health, with Japan held back only by the Cervarix year-on-year comparison, without which, it would have been up 11%. And even Europe showing some signs of improvement, although I continue to think that Europe will remain very challenging for the rest of the year. It was good delivery in respiratory, especially from Seretide/Advair;
GlaxoSmithKline	as I laid it out earlier in the year.This quarter's performance was in line with our expectation. In reported terms, we have seen the biggest difference ever for GSK as a result of currency movement with EPS down 9% to CER but up 6% in sterling terms, so a very significant benefit for the ongoing weakness of sterling versus major currencies, in particular, of course, the dollar, so seeing continue even as we speak. This quarter clearly demonstrates the very considerable transition occurring in our portfolio as several brands face generic competition in the US and our sales of Avandia
GlaxoSmithKline	some more information on some of the things which changed inside GSK.As I start though, first of all, I want to reiterate to you the strategy that we laid out a year ago. It's 12 months since -- some of you or many of you were in this room with me 12 months ago -- to go through the strategic direction I wanted to take GSK, and these are the three core strategies I laid out. To rebalance the organization in terms of going for more diversified global growth agenda rather than be overly dependent on just one or two
GlaxoSmithKline	your information, less than 30% of this quarter's sales were generated from what I call white pill Western markets, compared to 38% in the quarter before I took over as CEO. You know that's something we've been driving towards, and I think it's real evidence of the increasing degree of diversification within this Company and particularly when you look at where the source of sales growth are coming from.What you're also seeing are the consequences of a disciplined effort to reallocate resources to our key growth areas of the business, which is bringing it back to sales growth for the
GlaxoSmithKline	up to a further 40 such launches over the next five years.The success in Japan underscores the importance of developing different drivers of growth for the group, with different risk profiles across the various geographies. In the quarter, all three of our key businesses -- pharmaceuticals, vaccines and consumer health -- grew sales. And if we look at it from a geographic perspective, 38% of the group reported turnover is now outside of the US and Europe. And that 38% is now growing at 17%. All of this has meant that despite a difficult trading environment in the West, we
GlaxoSmithKline	one of our key areas in which we've chosen to invest aggressively over the last four years to help rebalance the group's sales profile, and that's evident in this quarter with the further strong performance in the region helping offset some of the very obvious pressures we're facing Western markets, particularly in Europe.Emerging market Asia-Pac sales grew 11% in Q3, which I think puts it very much at the top of the industry growth rate for emerging markets, and is a clear acceleration compared with the early parts of the year. Particularly strong performances in India are up 9%, China
GlaxoSmithKline	you.&nbsp;First of all, explain a little bit the underpinnings of our '07 results and our '08 guidance, and then I want to concentrate on really lessons learned in '07. In other words, lot of things happened. Lots of events affected the pharmaceutical industry in '07. Most of them are not that meaningful, but a couple are and are going to change the environment forever, basically. In other words, they have a long-term effect on the industry, on GSK, and I'll make some comment on that as well.Let me start with '07. There were certain things that you and I expected,
GlaxoSmithKline	generic erosion, which we are reaching the peak of, it's going to get better in '09 and beyond. That is the consideration the big picture.I will, however, have also Julian present the detailed financials for '07 and '08, and then we'll do a Q&A. We will have Andrew Witty, CEO elect, Julian and Christy Barker join me. And we'll take all the questions from you. So let know go into the presentation. I really have two topics for you.First of all, explain a little bit the underpinnings of our '07 results and our '08 guidance, and then I want to
GlaxoSmithKline	with Andrew Witty, our CEO Elect; and with Chris Viehbacher, the Head of our Pharmaceutical business in the U.S. So they will be ready to assist me for the Q&A session.In the meantime, I would like to make some general remarks on the quarter. I think it was a quarter that I would define as on track, certainly on track with our financial guidance. It was a tough quarter because we were comparing to very high sales of Avandia, as you know, but also a tough quarter because in the first quarter '07, we had quite a few positive one-timers
GlaxoSmithKline	we had quite a few positive one-timers which, of course, we didn't have this year. Despite that, I think the financials indicate that our product performance and our profit performance seemed to be very well lined up with our preliminary guidance from last quarter. I will also say that the other news on the pipeline overall quite good and I will come back and spend a minute on that.If you look at the performance, the revenue line is explained, of course, by the fact that Avandia and generics cost us roughly $1 billion in lost sales. But we are able
GlaxoSmithKline	priorities.Before introducing Julian, though, I just want to make a couple of comments about the quarter, because I'm going to mainly focus on the strategy going forward in my presentation. As far as I'm concerned, I think this quarter has been a robust one and it has been a very busy one, robust in the sense of the performance of the numbers. I think you can see the underlying performance of the business continuing to really counteract those anticipated negatives which we knew were coming through U.S. generic cessations and, of course, the decline in Avandia, which we continue to
GlaxoSmithKline	really counteract those anticipated negatives which we knew were coming through U.S. generic cessations and, of course, the decline in Avandia, which we continue to see the year-on-year adverse, even though Avandia is beginning to stabilize at its new levels.So first of all, we've seen that robust performance. Secondly, R&D has had another good quarter. So we have included in the press releases for you today an update on our advanced Phase III programs. And you can see that those programs continue to develop very positively. And of course, during the quarter we successfully licensed in almorexant from Actelion, which
GlaxoSmithKline	shareholders. If I turn to the numbers first, total sales were up 1%, core operating profit up 11%, and core earnings per share were up 16%, 28.9p. The increase in core operating profit was driven by continued strong cost control, including a reduction in R&D expenditure, and the delivery of a further benefit from the program of initiatives we started in 2012 to reshape and reduce certain long-term operating expenses. As we saw last year and signaled to you earlier this year, contributions from this program are unevenly phased, and we will continue to look for more of these types
GlaxoSmithKline	2.2 percentage points higher, reflecting higher restructuring charges and asset impairments and also the adverse impact of currency movements.SG&A cost were level with 2005 and legal charges were some GBP50 million lower. If you strip out legal charges, SG&A costs increased only 2%, reflecting the benefit of previous restructuring programs.R&D was up 6% for the quarter, although it was impacted by higher restructuring charges. Excluding this, costs increased by 3%. Other operating income was GBP100 million. GBP46 million of that was a mark-to-market gain on the Quest and Serevent financial instruments, which, as you know, move up and down every
GlaxoSmithKline	which is always a good thing.&nbsp;Now, in terms of the key products, we have, as you have seen, a broad pharma portfolio. I'm not going to repeat the results of the various growth factors from the Advair and the Avantias and the others. And David, however, will spend some time telling you why this is going to continue to propel us, despite the fact that we are facing a tough year in terms of generic erosions. I mean, we are getting sort of a triple dose. Some years we lose one product. This year we lose basically three. We still
GlaxoSmithKline	the FDA and from GSK to the advisory board members in the very near future; it should be on their Web site or soon thereafter. And I encourage you to look for new data; there is some. In fact, there is a spectacular epidemiology study, spectacular because of its size. This is information on 400,000 patients treated with the usual spectrum of drugs. There's a direct comparison between Avandia, Actos, Metformin, [SUs]. And I think it's very interesting. So all this will be debated in public Monday, and then the FDA will make a decision. And we look to a
GlaxoSmithKline	Avandia is a question mark, it all depends on how we come out of the FDA and what physicians feel about the drug. Right now they're very supportive of Avandia, but clearly there will be a change in the label, it's a matter of what kind of a change. If the FDA decides to mimic Europe, I think we'll be in good shape. If you'll recall, Europe has come out with a change in label that reconfirms the value of TCDs in the treatment of diabetes, and then has a descriptive on Avandia which we feel is balanced. So it's
Home Depot	with one follow-up. Our media relations department will be available for media questions following the call at 770-384-4646. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet at www.Homedepot.com with links on both our home page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will be also be available on our site.Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind that you our discussion today will include forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, our estimates and expectations for sales and earnings growth; new store openings; store initiatives and capital expenditures for fiscal 2004. These statements are
Home Depot	one question with one follow-up, please. Our media relations department will be available for media questions following the call at 770-384-4646. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the Internet at www.homedepot.com. with links on both our home page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site.Before I turn the call over to Bob let me remind you that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, our estimates and expectations for sales and earnings growth, new store openings, store initiatives, and capital expenditures for fiscal 2004.
Home Depot	earnings conference call.Joining us on the call today are are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot. Craig Menear, Executive Vice President Merchandising and Carol Tome, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts questions.Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow up, please. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call our Investor Relations Department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn
Home Depot	Vice President of investor relations.Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP OF IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Augusta, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third quarter -- or fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, corporate services. Following our prepared remarks the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if
Home Depot	INC: Thank you. And good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot first quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks the call will be opened for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder we would appreciate if the participants would really limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime
Home Depot	Tome; Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations Department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the
Home Depot	prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call the Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to
Home Depot	will open the line for questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and, as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet at homedepot.com with links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities
Home Depot	also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission.Now let me turn the
Home Depot	to get to your question during the call please feel free to call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.&nbsp;Before I turn the call over to Bob let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now let me turn the call over to Bob Nardelli.BOB NARDELLI, CEO,
Home Depot	answers will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we'd appreciate if a participant will limit themselves to one question with one followup, please. Our media relations department will be available for media questions following the call at 770-384-4646. This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at HomeDepot.com with links on both our home page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind you that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements relating to, among other
Home Depot	This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet at homedepot.com, with links on both our home page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site.&nbsp;Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind you that today's press release and presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities
Home Depot	ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP OF IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today is Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot, Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising, and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened to analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, We would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with
Home Depot	page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site.&nbsp;Before I turn the call over to Bob let me remind you that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, our estimates and expectations for sales and earnings growth, new store openings, store initiatives and capital expenditures for fiscal 2004. These statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the company's historical experience and its present expectations. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in and the
Home Depot	please.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at Home Depot.com with links on both our home page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site.Before I turn the call over to bob, let me remind you that today's press release and presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the
Home Depot	Internet at homedepot.com, with links on both our home page and under the investor relations second -- section. The replay will also be available on our site. Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind that today's press release and presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now let me turn the
Home Depot	Welcome to The Home Depot first-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and, as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up. The conference call is being broadcast real time on the Internet at earnings.HomeDepot.com. The replay will also be
Home Depot	entered before this time may not have registered in our system.Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP OF IR, THE HOME DEPOT INC.: Thank you, Alicia, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to The Home Depot's second-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited
Home Depot	home page and investor relations sections. The replay will also be available on our site. Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind you that today's press release and presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now let me turn the call over to Bob Nardelli.BOB NARDELLI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, HOME
Home Depot	Thank you, Felicia and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot, Craig Menear, Executive Vice President merchandising, and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. This conference call is being broadcast real
Home Depot	a question and answer session today. (Operator Instructions) Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP OF IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Cindy, and good morning to everyone. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot, Craig Menear, Executive Vice President Merchandising, and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst's questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate if the
Home Depot	THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thanks, Yvonne, and thank you to everyone and good morning. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the
Home Depot	everyone. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors. And as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at earnings.HomeDepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site.If we are unable to get
Home Depot	President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please.This earnings conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet. The replay will also be available on our site at earnings.homedepot.com. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Now before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and
Home Depot	President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors. And as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined
Home Depot	Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks the call will be opened for analysts questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder we would appreciate if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow up, please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet with Home Depot.com, with links on the home page and the investor relations sections. The reply will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question this morning
Home Depot	presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factored identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now, let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE HOME DEPOT: Thank you, Diane and good morning everyone. Sales for the second quarter were $21 billion, down 5.4%. Comp sales were negative 7.9%. As Carol will describe, sales for the quarter were
Home Depot	Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising, and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we really would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves with one question with one follow-up please.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at homedepot.com with links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. The replay
Home Depot	good morning to, everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analysts questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors. And as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow up, please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the
Home Depot	Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at earnings.homedepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please
Home Depot	of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at Earnings.HomeDepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before
Home Depot	Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors; and as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations Department at 770-384-2387.Now before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements
Home Depot	the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Now before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations
Home Depot	The Home Depot, Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising, Mark Holyfield, Senior Vice President of Supply Chain and counsel made Chief Financial Officer.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the Internet at www.homedepot.com with links on both our homepage and invest relation section. The replay also will be available on our site. If we are unable
Home Depot	the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentation made by our executives include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now, let me turn the call over the Frank.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Diane. Good morning, everyone.I believe, we'll look back at 2007 as one of the most difficult
Home Depot	call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising; Paul Raines, Executive Vice President, U.S. Stores; and Carol Tom, Chief Financial Officer.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder we would really appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the internet at the homedepot.com, with links on both our home page and
Home Depot	call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now, let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Diane, and good morning everyone.Sales for the first quarter were $17.9 billion, down 3.4%. Comp
Home Depot	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. If we are unable to get your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities
Home Depot	links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get your question during the call, please call Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you today, that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but, are not limited to those factors identified in the release, and
Home Depot	turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1955. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Diane, and good morning, everyone. This was a difficult first quarter for us.
Home Depot	me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by executives including forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Diane and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying that I realize that many of you want to know where we
Home Depot	770-384-2387.&nbsp;Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Diane and good morning everyone. Our market continues to face into
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	be advised that Honda's actual result could materially differ from these described in this [forward-looking statement] as a result of the numerous factors, including general economic condition in Honda's principal markets and the foreign exchange rate between the Japanese yen and the US dollar and the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.For the third quarter, please see page six -- slide six. Business environment during the quarter are demand for the car (inaudible) market, demand in Asia and Brazil became soft, while Indonesian market continued to be robust as market. Sales
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Now I'd like to start with the financial summary for the fourth quarter. Please see slide nine. The economic recession in the US and Europe
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with the method that Honda considers reasonable.Financial summary. We would now like to review the financial summary for the fiscal first quarter, which ended on June 30. Please refer to slide 3.Operating income for the first quarter was JPY184.9 billion, a 5.1% increase compared to the same period last year. A number of factors, including a decrease in sales volume and model mix, had a negative impact on earnings. The currency effects, due to a
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	is Oshima of Honda North America. Thank you for joining the Honda Investor Relations call. Honda in Japan just announced its third quarter results ending December 31st. Again we'd like to have the -- like to discuss about the result. This time we have many speakers. Again as usual. Mr. Hyogo from Japan. Hyogo-san.ATSUYOSHI HYOGO, SENIOR MANAGER, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Hi good morning.HIROSHI OSHIMA: Hi, Hyogo-San. Thank you for joining. And also [Tetschemara]-San.MR. TETSCHEMARA, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Hi good morning.HIROSHI OSHIMA: Thank you Tetschemara-San. Thank you for joining. And as usual we have a guest analyst Mr. [Daiwafring].MR.
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	is Oshima. Thank you for the Hondas - thank you for the joining Honda's investor relation call. Today, the Honda just announced in the fourth quarter fiscal '06 results, the [same time term] month result. And [inaudible] that we'd like to elaborate or talk about Honda's fourth quarter result for the overseas investors. And as usual, we have a couple of speakers joining this conference. And I'd like to introduce each of them from Tokyo, London and also Cleveland, Ohio. First, we have two, not new face, but you might recall his name - [Ike]. Ike-san?MR. IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.Now I would like to start with the financial summary for the quarter. Please have a look at slide three.In term of economic environment during the quarter in the US market, the economy has moderately recovered, although credit contraction and high unemployment ratio are still a concern.The economy of Europe as a whole has gradually recovered, although concerns remain
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	rising energy prices, the housing market downturn and high unemployment, indication of gradual economic recovery, such as steady rise in consumer and capital spending could be seen.In Asia, excluding Japan, consumer confidence in China has deteriorated due to the uncertainty about the economy and the rising prices. In India and Southeast Asia economy continued to expand, although the pressure on the inflation intensified. In Japan impact for the recent earthquake has been a great concern.Now, I'd like to elaborate on the business environment surrounding us. In motorcycle business industry demand in Indonesia, India, Thailand, Brazil and Vietnam continued to expand
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Now I would like to start with financial summary for the first quarter that ended on June 30, 2011. Please have a look at the slide three, reviewing
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Before explaining the results, we would like to briefly review the global economic environment during the past quarter. The US market showed continued signs of a gradual recovery, as evidenced by a rise in GDP, consumer spending, and housing investments, accompanied by a drop in the unemployment rate. However, the high price of gasoline, and instability in the European financial markets continue to cause concern.The European market experienced a
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro, and other major currencies, as well as factors detailed from time to time.KOICHI KONDO, EVP, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Now I'd like to start with the financial summary for the quarter. Please have a look at slide three. Regarding economic environment, starting from the US, we have seen some sign of recovery, although the pace is moderate. In European countries,
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	posted on the Company website and please click the link on the all new [CLD] for downloading material. If you are all set, okay folks, let's start.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: This audio presentation contains forward looking statements as defined in Section 27a of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward looking statements as a result
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	click the link on the all-new 2011 Odyssey pictures for downloading material. If you're all set, okay, folks, let's start.UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	about US economy become stagnant due to the possibility of credit limit and the high unemployment rate will be prolonged.Economies in China and India continued to expand. And the economies of other Asian countries also achieved overall recovery at a somewhat slower pace.In Europe, economy has bottomed as a whole, but concerns that recovery will slow remains, as high unemployment rate continue.The weak economic environment in Japan remain unchanged. Despite the fact that capital spending slightly improved, the sluggish recovery of consumer spending and prolonged high unemployment rate are considered a sign that the condition remains severe.Now, I would like
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and US dollar, the euro, or other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Now the financial summary. We would now like to review the financial summary for the full fiscal year which ended on March 31. Please refer to slide 3.Honda realized a major recovery from the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Thai flooding. New vehicle
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	that Honda's actual result could materially differ from these described in these forward-looking statements as a result of the numerous factors, including general economic condition in Honda's principal markets, and the foreign exchange rate between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, and the euro, and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.Now I'd like to start with a financial summary for the second quarter. Please see the slide three. Business environment during the quarter are oil price continue to volatile and the raw material costs stay high. A fear for the US recession
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	in these forward looking statements as a result of numerous factors including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.TETSUA OSHIMA: Thank you Crystal. And now I'd like to start with the financial summary for the quarter. Please see slide three.With regard to the economic environment during this April to June period, oil prices climbed globally and the price of the raw material were fluctuated. Economic recession in the US and Europe remained
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro, and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Now I'd like to start with the financial summary for the quarter. Please have a look at the slide three.In terms of economic environment during the quarter, US economy has deteriorated and expected to go long before its recovery. European economies also became worse. However, the downfall has stopped
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Now I would like to start with the financial summary for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2011. Please have a look at slide
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Now, I would like to start with the financial summary for the third quarter that ended on December 31, 2011. Please have a look at slide 3.Honda again showed resilience in this quarter. The severe impacts from the flooding in Thailand, as well as unfavorable ForEx, were partly absorbed by the steady recovery of Automobile business in major markets, strong return by the Motorcycle business, and the Company-wide efforts to reduce fixed costs. Moreover, despite a reversal of deferred tax assets, due to
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Before explaining the results, we would like to briefly review the global business environment during the past quarter. The automobile industry in the US continued its steady recovery from the sales
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	Honda's earnings, and also we'd also like to discuss about the new guidance which Honda made today.And today, for this conference we have, as usual, the guests, many speakers from London and New York and Tokyo as well. And we have already put in the presentation much earlier on the website. So those who are participating this conference, please download the presentation material from our website, http//world.honda.com/investorfinancialresults/.So first of all, let me introduce today's speaker. We have Mr. Ike.FUMIHIKO IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello. Good morning, and good evening everyone.TETSUA OSHIMA: And we also have [Mr. Takeuchi], the
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	Honda's actual result could materially differ from these described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and the foreign exchange rate between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.Now, I like to start with outline of the fourth quarter financial result. Please see slide three. Business environment during the fourth quarter are the United States have seen economic slowdown across all region, Asian market continued to grow, Japan's economy is likely to slow
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	of the fourth quarter financial result. Please see slide three. Business environment during the fourth quarter are the United States have seen economic slowdown across all region, Asian market continued to grow, Japan's economy is likely to slow with weak consumer demand, crude oil price at record high and the commodity price also stay high. Yen appreciated against U.S. dollars, whilst depreciated against other major currencies.Under such economic background, unit sales of Honda Motorcycles business during the quarter were 2.368 million unit, which was down 1.7% from last year. Sales in other regions, [centered in Brazil], were strong, while decreased
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	the first quarter. Please see the slide four. Business environment during the quarter, crude oil price continues to increase and the raw material costs were soared. And the pressure with the inflation has been intense. U.S. recession fear growth, consumer spending in Western Europe became slow.Asian countries slightly slow with the economic expansion and Japan economies showed a sign of weakness. As to the Forex environment, yen appreciate against the U.S. dollar and depreciate against other currencies such as euro and the Brazilian Real. Regarding the motorcycle market, growth in Asia and South America continued and the declined market for
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	economic conditions in Honda's principal markets; and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and US dollar, the euro, and other major currencies; as well as other factors detailed from time to time.The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with the method that Honda considers reasonable.Financial summary. We would now like to review the financial summary for the fiscal second quarter, which ended on September 30. Please refer to slide 3.Operating income for the second quarter was JPY171.4 billion; a 70% increase compared to the same period last year. A number of factors
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	New York office. Good morning. Thank you for joining Honda's Investor Relations call. Honda just announced, in Tokyo, its third quarter earning results and this time, through this conference call we like to elaborate the detail of this financial result. And, as usual, we have a couple of speakers joining from Tokyo and the U.K., and the U.S. as well.I'd like to introduce all of them. First of all, Mr. Ike.FUMIHIKO IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO. LIMITED: Hello everyone, good morning, and good afternoon.TETSUA OSHIMA: Yes, Mr. Ike is the CFO of the Honda Motor Corporation. And Mr. Endo --
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	the call over to your host, Mr. Oshima. Sir, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;HIROSHI OSHIMA, OPERATING OFFICER, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Hi, this is Oshima from the Honda New York office. Thank you for joining Honda's investor relation call. At this time we'd like to discuss about the Honda's day fiscal '07 March -- ended March fourth quarter result. As usual we have a couple of speakers from U.S. and Japan and U.K. as well. So I'd like to introduce to all of them. First, Ike San.FUMIHIKO IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Hi everyone.HIROSHI OSHIMA: Yes, Mr. Ike is
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	FY08 first quarter results in Tokyo. And we'd like to discuss about the earnings results through this conference. And, again, as usual, we have the speakers from Tokyo and London and the equivalent in Ohio. I'd like to introduce all of them. First, Mr. Ike, the CFO from Honda Japan. Ike-san?FUMIHIKO IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hi. Good morning everyone.TETSUA OSHIMA: And we also have Mr. [Takeo], the General Manager of the Honda Finance Division in Tokyo. Takeo-san?MR. TAKEO, GENERAL MANAGER OF HONDA FINANCE DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hi. Good morning everybody.TETSUA OSHIMA: Hi. Thank you for joining.
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	just announced its consolidated financial results for second quarter which ended September 30, 2007, and forecasts for the year ending March 2008. And in this conference call we will discuss about the contents of the results and new guidance for the entire fiscal year. And later on we will invite questions from the participants.And I would like to introduce today's speakers from Japan. First, Honda Motor's CFO, Ike San.FUMIHIKO IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello, good morning, everyone.TAKU GITAMORA: And General Manager of Finance division, Mr. [Take San]TAKE SAN, GENERAL MANAGER OF FINANCE DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne, Chief Financial Officer, Lanny Michael, and joining us on the phone is Mike Wills, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Service.In a moment, Lanny will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance and then Pat will discuss the key trends and highlights of our business. Subsequent to those discussions, we will begin our question and answer period.Now let me quickly cover our safe harbor statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	see them today. Those elements can change. We would ask you interpret them in that light. This morning, we will review our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2008 as well as our expectations for the first quarter of 2009. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll call the turn over-- I'll turn the call over to Dave.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to report a quarter of good results despite a challenging economic environment, closing out what was a great year
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Mike Wills, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Service.In a moment, Pat will discuss our key trends and highlights; Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance; and then subsequent to those discussions we will begin our question-and-answer period.Now let me quickly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	interpret them in that way.This morning we'll review our financial results for the first quarter, our expectations for the remainder of the year and of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, we were expecting a very tough economic environment and that's certainly what we saw. Even in that tougher environment, though, we were able to deliver results consistent with our guidance.With sales at $7.6 billion at the lower end of our guidance, we were able to deliver earnings per
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	our question-and-answer period.Now let me quickly cover our safe harbor statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of those statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to, Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. These elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We do identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our business performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning we will review our financial results for the second quarter and share with you our outlook for the third quarter and full year, and of course, leave time for your questions.So with that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	by 13%. In fact, you'd have to say the whole year was good for Honeywell. We achieved strong financial performance during the year, we had 8% sales growth to 27.7 billion, over 400 million of segment profit growth, and 70 basis points of margin expansion. Earnings were up 30% on our reported basis to $1.94 per share, and you'd recognize that as $2.12 per share before the tax charge related to the over $2.7 billion of cash that we repatriated during the year. We also had $1.8 billion of free cash flow, and that converted at over 100% of net
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	results to differ materially is contained from time-to-time in the Company's press releases and in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2004, and other reports filed from time-to-time with the SEC. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.I'd now like to turn the call over to Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and CEO. Larry?LARRY BRADY, CHAIRMAN & CEO, INTERMEC INC.: Thank you, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. In the fourth quarter of 2005, Intermec
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	return over the presentation to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL: Thanks, Nick and good morning, everybody. Things sure do feel good. Honeywell is off to a great start in 2006 with better than anticipated performance in this first quarter. Sales were up 12% to over $7.2 billion with 23% segment profit growth. That segment profit growth translated to over a full point of market expansion.EPS was up $0.10 to $0.52. That is a 24% increase versus last year and $0.03 over the high end of our previous guidance. Our businesses are executing very well as we start
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	is also important to note that such -- that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ maturely is contained in the Company's press releases and in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2005, and other reports filed from time to time with the SEC. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.With that, I would like
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	22% segment profit growth translated to over a full point of margin expansion. Earnings were up $0.27 to $0.63 a share, beating the high end of our previous earnings guidance for the quarter. On a reported basis, EPS was up 75%.After taking into account the tax charge for cash repatriation and the income from discontinued OPS last year as well as the stock option expensing we have this year, EPS was up 27% versus 2005, a clearly substantial number. Free cash flow for the quarter was also robust coming in at $786 million, that's $903 million year-to-date. We've actually achieved
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Litigation Reform Act of 1995.&nbsp;It's also important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's press releases and in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to, the company's annual report on Form 10K for the year ending December 31, 2005, and other reports filed from time to time with the SEC. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Honeywell. Sales were up 15% to $8 billion, and that included 9% organic growth. That translated to a 22% increase in reported EPS, $0.66 a share. And I think you will recognize that is about $0.02 over the high end of our previous earnings guidance for the quarter. And after taking into account income from discontinued operations which were in last year, and stock option expensing which is in this year and not last year, that EPS increase is more like 36% on an operating basis. That is not too shabby at all.On top of that free cash flow for
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	statements. Additional information about the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially can be found in today's Press Release and in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including but not limited to our annual report on Form 10K and quarterly reports on Form 10Q. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC. With that I'd now like to turn the call over to Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and CEO. Larry?LARRY BRADY, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, INTERMEC, INC.: Good afternoon everyone. Today we reported results for Intermec for the third quarter.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	the presentation to Dave Cote. Dave.DAVID COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL, INC.: Thanks, Nick.Well, as we'd say up in New Hampshire, it was a wicked good quarter. Performance was ahead of prior guidance with EPS at $0.54 before the tax repatriation charge, sales grew 10%, and we expanded margins 60 basis points.We have an even more favorable outlook for the second half and that includes raising our EPS guidance for the year by $0.10. You saw us taking steps to enhance the future performance of the Company.We had strong cash flow and we were able to announce the repatriation of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	as I'm sure you've already seen was another great one for us at Honeywell. The result, an 8% sales growth, a full point of margin expansion, free cash flow conversion at over 100% of income, and earnings up 28% to $0.55 per share. And in addition to this great financial performance we've also made great progress in positioning the Company for future growth. You saw that we agreed to acquire the remaining 50% interest in our UOP joint venture, and we agreed to divest our noncore U.S. nylon carpet fiber operation. Both of these transactions are expected to close in
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	morning we will review our financial results for the second quarter, as well as our expectations for the second half and the third quarter of 2010. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Elena, good morning everyone. We have a great start to 2010 with better than expected improvement in many of our end markets, with revenues ahead of expectations and good execution across our businesses. Sales were $8.2 billion, up 8%, and that's reported and organic, with continued growth in new
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning we will review our financial results for the third quarter and our expectations for the remainder of the year, as well as share with you a preliminary framework for 2011. And of course, we will allow time for your questions at the end.With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena. Good
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	our quarterly overview, and Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and discuss fourth quarter guidance. Subsequent to those discussions, we will begin our question and answer period.Today's discussions will include predictions, estimates, and other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking including, but not limited to, Intermec's expected financial performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans along with additional examples that were set forth in today's earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning we'll cover our third quarter performance outlook for fourth quarter and full year 2004, and allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the presentation over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL, INC.: Thanks, Nick.Well, we had another very nice quarter and delivered revenue and EPS at the high end of the guidance we had given. Sales were up 11% in total and nine points of that was what we would call constant currency organic growth, so X the impact of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we will update you on the fourth quarter and on full year 2004 results as well as the outlook for 2005 and allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the presentation over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INT'L INC: Thanks, Nick. I'd have to say we had a good fourth quarter and we had a good year. And overall that's how things feel right now. All in all things just feel good. The economy is doing well, our
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Nick.Well, things feel pretty darn good right now and I'm really excited about how we started 2005. We had better than expected first quarter operating performance with our sales being up 4% and our segment profit up 15%.Now organic sales were actually up 6% and that was offset some by the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. And earnings per share at $0.42 was up 24% from last year.The strength we saw in commercial aerospace in 2004 has continued, and we continue to see those increases in global flying
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Note that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We also identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning, we will review our financial results for the first quarter of 2012, as well as share with you our outlook for the second quarter and updated full-year 2012. And of course, allow time for your
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning, we are going to review our financial results for the second quarter of 2012, as well as share with you our guidance for the remainder of the year. And of course, we will allow time for your questions at the end. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year 2009, as well as our expectations for the first quarter of 2010. And, of course, we'll allow time for your questions. With that, I will turn the call over toDAVE COTE, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report a strong finish to 2009, with another quarter of good results. Despite a continued tough economic environment and it closes out an interesting year, marked by the worst recession in eight years. Our results of 2009 reinforced the significance of our long standing company strategy. Our focus on
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of those statements we make today, may be considered forward-looking including, but not limited to Intermec's expected performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's earnings release. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. And we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we will review our financial results for the first quarter, as well as our expectations for the second quarter, and for the remainder of 2010. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Elena. Good morning everyone. We have a great start to 2010 with better than expected improvement in many of our end markets, yielding EPS higher than the guidance provided last month. Sales of $7.8 billion, up
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance. Subsequent to those discussions we will begin our question and answer period.Today's discussions will include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking including, but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans along with additional examples that were set forth in today's earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance. Subsequent to those discussions we will begin our question and answer period.Today's discussions will include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking including, but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans along with additional examples that were set forth in today's earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	and our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Dreissnack. In just a moment Pat will discuss our quarterly overview and then Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and third-quarter guidance.Subsequent to those discussions we will begin our question and answer period. Today's discussions will include predictions, estimates and other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking including, but not limited to, Intermec's expected financial performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans along with additional examples that were set
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we will review our financial results for the fourth quarter and 2010, as well as share with you our updated guidance for the first quarter and full year 2011. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INTL INC: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. We had a strong finish to 2010,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to, Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, the confirmation of the pending acquisition of Vocollect, by Intermec, and future financial and operating results of the combined Company along with additional examples that were set forth in today's earning release.Both statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements only reflect our opinion as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release results
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Anderson. This call and the webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor.Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning we will review our financial results for the first quarter as well as share with you our expectations for the second quarter and our revised guidance for 2011. And of course allow time for your questions.With that, I will turn
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	implied by our forward-looking statements. We include a more complete description of what we consider to be forward-looking statements in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements made today reflect our opinion as of November 1, 2012 and we undertake no obligation to revise or update them.In addition, in today's call, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures or adjusted items. These items should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP items included in today's earnings release and Form 8-K.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We also identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning, we will review our financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year 2012, as well as share with you our guidance for the first quarter and full-year 2013. And, finally, we will leave time for your questions.With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.We do identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning we will review our financial results for the first quarter; share with you our outlook for the second quarter and the remainder of the year; and, finally, we'll leave time for your questions.So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena. Good
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	of Global Sales and Service.As usual, we will begin with some prepared remarks, and then subsequent to that we will take questions from the participants on the call.Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plan, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's earnings release.These statements involve
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.For a more detailed description of the risk factors that may affect our results, please refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies can be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	financial results for the third quarter, our expectations for the remainder of the year and some initial color on 2009 and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, despite tougher economic conditions I'm pleased to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell. We continue to build on our multi-year track record of delivering consistent performance with organic sales growth in the quarter again supporting double digit earnings growth. Over the past five years we've consistently outperformed in earnings
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	We continue to build on our multi-year track record of delivering consistent performance with organic sales growth in the quarter again supporting double digit earnings growth. Over the past five years we've consistently outperformed in earnings growth and we're confident we can continue to outperform despite a moderating top line environment. With 20% EPS growth this quarter on a 6% sales increase, we've added to that track record. Importantly the quality of our earnings remains high with year-to-date cash flow conversion just below our annual target of 100% of net income.Our long cycle businesses as well as those lines of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	way. This morning we'll review our financial results for the second quarter and our expectations for the remainder of the year and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. We're executing very well. Unfortunately it's in a very tough economic environment. With sales of $7.6 billion we were able to generate earnings per share of $0.60 and that includes $66 million or $0.06 in earnings of additional repositioning actions. We also generated over $1 billion of free cash flow which
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	discuss our quarterly overview and Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance. Subsequent to those discussions, we will begin our question and answer period.Now, let me quickly cover our Safe Harbor Statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's earnings release. These
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	that light. This morning we will review our financial results for the third quarter and our expectations for the remainder of the year, and of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Elena, good morning everyone. I'm pleased to report a quarter better than expected results and that's despite a continued tough economic environment. With sales of $7.7 billion, we were able to generate earnings per share of $0.80, and that includes covering $35 million or $0.03 in EPS of additional repositioning actions. We also had
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	overview and Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance. Subsequent to those discussions, we will begin our question-and-answer period.Now let me quickly cover our Safe Harbor Statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's earnings release. These statements involve a number of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we view them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning we will review our financial results for the second quarter as well as share with you our expectations for the third quarter and the remainder of the year and, of course, allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena; good morning, everyone.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning, we will review our financial results for the third quarter, share with you our expectations for the fourth quarter and remainder of 2011, as well as discuss a framework for 2012, and of course, allow time for your questions.With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena. Good
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	this presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.We also identified the [principal] risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning, we will review our financial results for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2011, as well as share with you our updated guidance for the first quarter and full-year 2012. And of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	session. Today's call will include forward-looking statements. These statements will include, for example, statements about Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as its strategic and operating plans. A number of risks and uncertainties could cause Intermec's actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. We include a more complete description of what we consider to be forward-looking statements in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements made today reflect our opinion as of February 2, 2012 and we undertake no obligation to revise or update them. In addition,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	by, our forward-looking statements. We include a more complete description of what we consider to be forward-looking statements in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements made today reflect our opinion as of August 2, 2012, and we undertake no obligation to revise or update them. In addition, in today's call we'll describe certain non-GAAP financial measures or adjusted items. These items should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our reconciliations from GAAP to non-GAAP items included in today's earnings release and Form 8-K. With
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We identify the principle risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning we will review our financial results for the third quarter 2012, share with you our outlook for the remainder of the year and provide a framework for a how we are thinking about 2013. And finally, we will leave time for your questions. With that I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	2007 as well as our expectations for the first quarter of 2008. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray, and good morning, everyone. Well, it's another very nice day to be an investor or employee of Honeywell. We have had another quarter of strong results closing out what's been just a terrific year of performance for us. Our results in 2007 reinforce three or four important themes for us as a Company, that's great positions we have in good industries, the progress
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Wills, Senior Vice President of Global Sales.Before we begin our prepared remarks, I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course of this conference call that express the Company's or management's intensions, hopes, beliefs, expectations, forecasts or predictions for the future constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company's outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2008 and future periods as well as other examples described in today's Forward-Looking Statement paragraph contained
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	and future periods as well as other examples described in today's Forward-Looking Statement paragraph contained within our earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statement. These include, for example, the risks and certainties described more fully in the Company's fillings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, it is wonderful to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell. Sales were up 11% to $8.9 billion with organic growth across all regions. Segment profit grew 16% to approximately $1.2 billion and margins increased 60 basis points to 14% and net income grew 22%. That solid profit growth combined with lower share count for the quarter results in a 30% increase in EPS to $0.85 a share. As you probably recognize this is $0.02 above the high end of of our previous earnings guidance and it includes over
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we'll review our financial results for the first quarter and expectations for the remainder of the year and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, it is wonderful to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell. Sales were up 11% to $8.9 billion with organic growth across all regions. Segment profit
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	the Company's outlook for the second quarter of fiscal year 2008 and future periods, as well as other examples described in today's forward-looking statement paragraph contained within our earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation.Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statement. These include, for example, the risks and uncertainties described more fully in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Joining me on the call this afternoon is Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Office; Lanny Michael, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mike Wills, Senior Vice President of global sales and services, and Ray Cronin, Vice President and general manager of RFID.Before we begin our prepared remarks I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course this conference call that express the Company's or management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations, forecast, or predictions for the future constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that way. This morning, we will review our financial results for the second quarter, and expectations for the remainder of the year and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, I'm very pleased to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell. Sales were up 13% to $9.7 billion, with growth across all businesses and regions. And that includes constant
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	very pleased to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell. Sales were up 13% to $9.7 billion, with growth across all businesses and regions. And that includes constant currency organic growth of 6%. Segment profit grew 13% to approximately $1.3 billion. generating margins in the quarter of 13.2%.Net income growth of 18%. combined with a lower share count for the quarter versus prior year resulted in a 23% increase in EPS to $0.96 a share. This is $0.02 above the high end of our previous earnings guidance, and it includes over $60 million of new repositioning actions of the
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we ask that you interpret them in that light. We identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. This morning, we will review our financial results for the third quarter, share with you our outlook for the fourth, and provide an initial framework for 2014, and finally, we'll leave time for your questions.So with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone.As I'm sure you've seen by
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	additional views on 2007, including the first quarter. Finally, we'll allow time for your questions.So with that, let me turn over the presentation to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Nick, and good morning, everyone.I'm pleased to report this morning strong financial results in the fourth quarter, a great finish to 2006 for Honeywell, and an increase in 2007 free cash flow guidance. This is all good stuff. Starting with the fourth quarter, sales were up 14% to 8.3 billion, with 9% organic growth and margin expansion in each of our businesses. EPS was $0.72, the high
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	fiscal year 2007 revenue outlook, and other examples included in the forward-looking statement paragraph in today's earnings release. Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations, or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statement. These include but are not limited to the risks and uncertainties described more fully in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on form 10-Q. Copies of these filings may be
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	with the goodness when you listen to the details of it. First quarter sales were up 11% to $8 billion with 9% organic growth, and what we're seeing is the benefit of our focus on having great positions in good industries. We've been expanding our global presence to over 50% this year as you saw in our February conference. We've got a good balance now of short and long cycle business growth. We're seeing good global non-residential construction trends and we have a favorable foreign exchange so everything is going pretty darn well.Segment profit on that was up 17% to
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company outlook for the second quarter of fiscal year 2007 and future periods and other examples described in the forward-looking statement paragraph in today's earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations, or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statements. These include, for example, the risks and uncertainties described more fully in the Company's filings with the Securities and
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: All right, thanks, Murray. Well, folks, it's another marvelous quarter from Honeywell. Second quarter sales were up 8% to $8.5 billion with 8% organic growth, and we're continuing to benefit from our global footprint and great positions in good industries. Segment profit was up 10% to just over $1.1 billion and segment margin was up 20 basis points. The growth in segment profit combined with reduced below-the-line expenses resulted in a 17% increase in net income from last year. When you add
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course of this conference call that express the Company's or management's intentions, hopes, indications, beliefs, expectations, forecasts or predictions for the future constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company's outlook for the third quarter of fiscal year 2007 and future periods and other examples described in the forward-looking statement paragraph in today's earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Our business
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	and of course allow time for your questions.With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. And of course good morning, everyone. Well, we got a pile more of good news for you again this quarter. It is kind of nice to be able to deliver these kind of results again.Sales were up 10% to $8.7 billion, and we had strong organic growth, and that is about 9% across all of our businesses. Segment profit grew 13% to about $1.2 billion, with margins increasing again by 50 basis points to 13.4%.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statements. These include, for example, the risks and uncertainties described more fully in the Company's filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K and correlated reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer. Pat.PATRICK J. BYRNE, PRESIDENT AND CEO, INTERMEC, INC.:
HP Inc.	statements or to update the reasons actual events or results could differ from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.&nbsp;Please review the section entitled &quot;Risk Factors&quot; in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 12th, 2005, for discussions of important factors that may cause the actual events and results to differ from these forward-looking statements. The terms non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP EPS used in today's discussion exclude certain noncash charges related to stock compensation, as well as noncash charges relating to past acquisitions. Projections also exclude FAS 13-R stock based compensation expense, which cannot be determined at this
HP Inc.	any forward-looking statements. Please review the section entitled Risk Factors in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 9, 2006 for important factors that may cause actual events and results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.By now you should've received a copy of our press release that was distributed before the market opened today. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition we're currently webcasting this call and an audio replay will be available on our website following the conclusion of the call. The terms non-GAAP net income
HP Inc.	that may cause the actual events and result to differ from these forward-looking statements.&nbsp;The term pro forma operating cash flow use in today's discussion excludes payments made in connection with certain liabilities related to our former managed services business. Reconciliations of these items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release and on the investor relations section of our website at opsware.com.By now, you should have receive add copy of our press release, which was distributed after the market closed today. If you have you not, it is available on the investor relations section of our website. In addition,
HP Inc.	the forward-looking statements.&nbsp;Please review our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2005, and our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC for discussions of important factors that may cause the actual events and results to differ from these forward-looking statements.The term &quot;non-GAAP net loss&quot; used in today's discussion will exclude certain non-cash charges related to stock compensation as well as non-cash charges relating to the acquisition of Rendition Networks and Tangram Enterprise Solutions. Reconciliation of these items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations section of our
HP Inc.	at www.opsware.com. We are currently web casting this call and and audio replay will be available on our website following the conclusion of the call. Now let me turn it over to Ben.BEN HOROWITZ, PRESIDENT AND CEO, OPSWARE: Thanks Ken. Today I am pleased to report a strong third quarter. Q3 revenue was $10.2 million up more than 100% from Q3 last year and above our guidance. Deferred revenue and advances grew to $17.6 million from $15.7 million sequentially. Since our last call, we signed significant new customers, including Federal Express and one of the largest retailers in the U.S.
HP Inc.	the actual events and results to differ from these forward-looking statements.&nbsp;By now you should have received a copy of our press release that was distributed after the market closed today. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, we are currently webcasting this call, and an audio replay will be available on our website following the conclusion of the call.Now let me turn it over to Ben.BEN HOROWITZ, PRESIDENT & CEO, OPSWARE: Thanks, Ken. Today I'm pleased to report a strong fourth quarter and successful year. Q4 revenue was $11.6 million,
HP Inc.	10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2005, and our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC for discussions of important factors that may cause the events -- actual events and results to differ from those forward-looking statements.The term &quot;non-GAAP EPS loss&quot; used in today's discussion excludes certain noncash charges related to our acquisition of Rendition Networks. Reconciliations of these items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website at opsware.com. By now, you should have received a copy of the press release which was distributed
HP Inc.	and results to differ from these forward-looking statements.The terms non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP EPS used in today's discussion excludes certain noncash charges related to stock compensation as well as noncash charges relating to the acquisition of Rendition Networks and Tangram Enterprise Solutions. Reconciliations of these items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release in the investor relations section of our website at Opsware.com.By now you should have received a copy of our press release, which was distributed after the market closed today. If you have not, it is available on the investor relations section on our web
HP Inc.	entitled risk factors in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 28th, 2006, for important factors that may cause actual events and results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.By now, you should have received a copy of the press release that was distributed this morning. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, we are currently webcasting this call, and an audio replay will be available on our website for 30 days following the conclusion of the call.The terms non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP profitability, and non-GAAP EPS, and
HP Inc.	results may differ materially from these statements. We assume no obligation to update this information provided on the call or to revise any forward-looking statements. Please review the section entitled Risk Factors in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 11, 2006 for important factors that may cause actual events and results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.By now, you should have received a copy of our press release that was distributed this morning. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, we are currently webcasting this call
HP Inc.	to revise any forward-looking statements. Please review the section entitled risk factors in our 10-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2007, for important factors that may cause actual events and results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.By now you should have received a copy of our press release that was distributed this morning. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, we are currently webcasting this call and an audio replay will be available on our website for 30 days following the conclusion of the call. The terms
International Bus. Machines	be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliations charts at the end, and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning
International Bus. Machines	webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow. Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures.In an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliations charts at the end and a form 8-K submitted to the SEC. Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.
International Bus. Machines	this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ
International Bus. Machines	received some questions from institutional investors. We plan to post the questions and answers on our Web site for the benefit of all investors. Look for this in a few days under the &quot;Frequently Asked Questions&quot; section of the Investor Web site at IBM.com. We also may address a couple of the most relevant questions in the Q&A at the end of this call.This presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts
International Bus. Machines	time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end, and in the form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with
International Bus. Machines	this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking, under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings
International Bus. Machines	hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause
International Bus. Machines	website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliations charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the
International Bus. Machines	this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end, and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's
International Bus. Machines	time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with the SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings
International Bus. Machines	remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve
International Bus. Machines	posted to our investor relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning
International Bus. Machines	our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow. Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these
International Bus. Machines	replay of this webcast will be posted to our investor relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. In an effort to provide additional information to investors, all non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with the SEC rules. You'll find a reconciliation chart at the end and in the the form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward hooking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could
International Bus. Machines	Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC from the IBM website or from us in investor relations.Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP & CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thanks yore about joining us today. Last week we reported our third quarter revenue profit earnings per share and precash flow results. At this time we also reaffirmed our full year guidance. Today I want to take you through the
International Bus. Machines	roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our investor relations Web site by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of
International Bus. Machines	time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comment made in this presentation may be characterized as forward looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings
International Bus. Machines	investor relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end, and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is
International Bus. Machines	website by this time tomorrow. Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained
International Bus. Machines	our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is
International Bus. Machines	in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.&nbsp;Let me make one other comment about our presentation this quarter. You may notice that the format has changed from past quarters. In addition to the style changes, we've streamlined a few of the charts, and some of the details that were previously on the segment charts are now in the backup. So, the information provided is essentially consistent with the information provided in the past.Finally, I'd remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve
International Bus. Machines	certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM Web site, or from us in Investor Relations.Now I will turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thanks for joining us today. We had a great start to the year with 11% revenue growth
International Bus. Machines	you should be on the title page. The charts will automatically advance as we move through the presentation. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this Webcast will be posted to our investor relations Web site by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end, and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that
International Bus. Machines	an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC,
ING Groupe NV	and good morning and good afternoon to everybody in the world. Before giving a very short introduction on our annual figures and results, two simple remarks up front.First of all, upon the request of many, ING will host a conference call to discuss embedded value issues. The conference call will be given by John Hale (ph), our new General Manager, Corporate Insurance Risk Management, and by Herman Farsa, our Director of Investor Relations. The date will be Tuesday, the twenty-fourth of February, 3:30 p.m. Amsterdam time, So 2:30 p.m. U.K. time, and 9:30 a.m. Eastern U.S. time. The details will
ING Groupe NV	(Operator Instructions). I will now hand the conference over to [Thomas Wehrheim]. Please go ahead, sir.THOMAS WEHRHEIM, IR, ING GROEP NV: Thank you. Good morning. This is Thomas Wehrheim welcoming you to ING's third quarter 2008 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, John Hele, Chief Finance Officer, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions
ING Groupe NV	John, Koos, and Tom. Please, John, over to you.JOHN HELE, CFO, ING GROUP: Well, good afternoon to those in Europe and good morning to those in North America. This is John Hele, and I will do a very short presentation, because we did have a presentation this morning and the presentation is on the web for those of you that may have missed it. I will not go through it again.But there was a question this morning, which we might as well answer from the get-go. We had -- on slide 60 of the announced presentation, there's a breakdown into
ING Groupe NV	movements in any or all of these and other variables.&nbsp;Good morning, Mr. Hommen, Mr. Hele and Mr. Timmermans. Mr. Hommen, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CHAIRMAN OF ADVISORY BOARD AND CEO DESIGNATE, ING GROUP NV: Thank you. Welcome and thank you for joining us this morning. I'm here with John Hele, CFO, Koos Timmermans CRO, and Eric Boyer the acting CEO.Before we go into the results of Q4, I want to share briefly with you my observations since being named CEO Designate a few weeks ago. This includes the lessons learned from the financial crisis, both for the industry as a
ING Groupe NV	including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning Jan, Patrick and Koos; Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, ING GROUP NV: Thank you very much and welcome everyone. I'm here with Koos Timmermans, our Chief Risk Officer, Patrick Flynn, our new CFO who joined us at the end of April, and I'm also here with Tom McInerney, our Head of our US Insurance
ING Groupe NV	release as posted on our website today.Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation to offer to buy any securities.Good morning, Jan; over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. We are here with Patrick Flynn, our CFO; Wilfred Nagel, our Chief Risk Officer. We will answer the questions. And we also have here Delfin Rueda and Doug Caldwell, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer from EurAsia, available, in case we need any help with questions.Let me go to slide 2, and you see that we have made steady progress
ING Groupe NV	our forward-looking statements. A discussions of factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statement, is contained in our public filings, inducing our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and our earnings press release as posted on our website today.Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell of a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Good morning Jan. Over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP NV: Okay. Good morning everyone and welcome to the ING conference call for the second quarter. With
ING Groupe NV	MAAS, CFO, ING GROUP: Welcome to this conference call and of course in particular welcome to Tom. I would like to congratulate him as before but nevertheless also here in this conference call with his new appointment to the executive board. Congratulations, Tom. Let's simply continue as we did. That is the best way to go forward. I am looking forward to continue these conference calls in your new capacity.Just by way of a very brief introduction ladies and gentlemen, we had an excellent year in 2005. Our strategy is delivering value, net profit went up by 25.3% to a
ING Groupe NV	quarters now. So we also pleased to say that the more mature business, starting with retail banking are are doing very well. Retail banking as you've seen is doing very well, not only top line growth but also in cost management and that's very good.If you look to wholesale also they generally speaking have done very well. Especially the overall value creation in the wholesale with less capital and higher returns is pretty good. And finally also I would like to point to Nationale-Nederlanden, where our cost restructuring efforts are paying off.So on those more mature markets also we are
ING Groupe NV	in Amsterdam, and also Jonathan Atack, of course, is here. Also welcome on behalf of my two colleagues.&nbsp;Let me say a few words by way of introduction, very briefly. As you have seen, the first quarter for ING showed very strong growth in our underlying businesses. Continued growth driven by growth engines, as well as our retail banking activities.Underlying profit went up by 29% to a record of E1.976b. Our net profit -- total net profit increased even to E2.006b, a record high, plus 3%, as a strong underlying performance more than made up for by the E400m of divestment
ING Groupe NV	of really running our business, no one-off, no special items. It's really underlying earnings, so it's very good.Solid top-line growth, very solid top-line growth. You have seen that our operating expenses are very much under control. You have seen that the returns continue to increase as business units focus on capital efficiency and pricing discipline.This is particularly true for [inaudible], wholesale banking, life insurance, everywhere. We have really looked at capital efficiency and pricing. This is-- probably the best example is in the wholesale where our risk-weighted asset go up but our economic capital goes down because we are able
ING Groupe NV	EXECUTIVE BOARD AND CFO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you, Jenna. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, probably, wherever you are in the world, and also on behalf of Tom McInerney and also behalf of John Hill, Deputy CFO, who is present here, and Jonathan Atack, in charge of Industrial Relations. They are all likely very familiar to you. Let me give you a very brief instruction, and then of course we will open for questions and answers from our side.As you have seen, ING had a very strong second quarter. Our results confirmed positive trends we've seen over recent quarters
ING Groupe NV	McInerney, Executive Board and Jonathan Atack, our General Manager of Investor Relations who is present here as well. Good morning, good afternoon wherever you are in the world welcome to this conference call.I would like to give a very brief introduction and then we are open to answer all the questions you have. As we said in our press release ING posted solid third-quarter results in an environment, in an interest rate environment that was challenging for us for all of us. Underlying net profits declined by 3.2% and that decline was mainly caused by EUR196 million negative variation from
ING Groupe NV	difficult environment.&nbsp;And also great numbers in the background of us using our capacity to be very conservative. I would like to insist on this. We have the capacity to be very conservative, and what we have done in Taiwan shows how conservative we are and how conservative we can afford to be. And I think for investors it should be a great reassurance, rather than a question. That we are able to absorb this because in the insurance world the rule is that you have to take those measures only when your expectations for reserves are only 50%, equity only
ING Groupe NV	world. Also on behalf of Tom, who this time is -- does not join us by video here. Well, you could never see of course, but he is sitting now next to me in Amsterdam. I very much appreciate that. Welcome Tom.Well, let me -- I always give you a short introduction and I will do that too, probably a little bit longer than normal. And I will elaborate in particular, spend a few minutes on the issue in Taiwan, in order to anticipate a little bit on your questions.Well, to summarize, net profit has increased by 25% in the
ING Groupe NV	we're trying to do. So -- And that went very well for the last 6 month. And if you look to those -- to the slides, I think that this shows also that we have told you that we have put more emphasis on value creation. And you can see that this is paying off because our RAROC has improved, and value of the business is up 33%. The internal rate of return and the insurance is up to 12.6%.And I hope that you realize what 12.6% is when you compare it with the current interest rates. So I think
ING Groupe NV	that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in security markets, including equity markets and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public filings which we would urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered and unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Jan, Patrick and Koos. Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP: Thank you very much, and welcome everyone to the ING
ING Groupe NV	Good morning, good evening wherever you are in the world, welcome on behalf of Tom, Tom McInerney, and on behalf of Jonathan Atack, our Head of Investor Relations, who is here of course present. I would like to give you a very few short introductory statements, I'll keep it short and then I will hand over the floor to those of you who wants to ask any questions and we will perfectly going to answer them all.As you have seen from our press release, the operating net profit went up by 33% to a level of 4 billion in the
ING Groupe NV	behalf of Tom, welcome to the conference call. I would like to start very briefly with a short - an introduction. Most of you have probably had ample time to read our press release or documentation. Some of you probably have heard already the conference call the conference call this morning for the Germans. So I can be doubly (ph) brief.Let me start by saying that our first quarter results showed a strong start this year with all the business lines contributing to the strong growth. Our net profit, if you've seen that headline, was up 72% to 1.9 billion
ING Groupe NV	Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group; Patrick Flynn, Chief Financial Officer; and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer; let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions, and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movement in security markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in, on, any or all of these other variables.Good
ING Groupe NV	conference over to Mr. Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in security markets including equity markets and underlying economic conditions and changes that are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Jan. Over to you.JAN HOMMEN,
ING Groupe NV	and inflation rates, movements in security markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables. Good morning. Jan. Please go ahead.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you very much. Welcome, everyone, to the ING second-quarter results call. First of all I understand there were some problems with the website this morning, but in the meantime they have been fixed.
ING Groupe NV	is contained in our public filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and our earnings press release, as posted on our website today. Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Good morning, Jan. I will now hand the conference over to you. Please go ahead.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you. Welcome, everyone, to the ING first-quarter 2012 results conference call.First of all, let me say that we had a relatively strong first quarter, particularly
ING Groupe NV	ING Direct model. I think also you will admit with me that strong value creation after tax RAROC is very high; value of new business up 25%, and internal rate of return increased to 12.8%.&nbsp;So let me say that at this point of returns, I think the question is also is going always -- we have to value more and more in the future, but also value keeping the returns at a very high level where they are, but also push for more volume and profit growth. So we are now at the stage that we are able to look
ING Groupe NV	you also on behalf of Tom. Let me briefly introduce the results, more introduction is this time probably not necessary because as you have seen the results and the net profit for the first 9 months were excellent, an increase of 23.5% to 5.3 billion Euro in the first 9 months. And as we have said in our press release, the drivers of this profit increase were our growth engines, our 3 growth engines that we have in ING.First of all, ING Direct with strong profit growth in the third quarter. The profit was up 41% in the third quarter
ING Groupe NV	Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions, and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in security markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions, and changes.These are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Jan, Patrick, and Koos. Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Good morning,
ING Groupe NV	well, welcome. I think, to start by prefacing the 2009 results, I think the key message within everything we're going to talk about today is that our business, off the back of raising capital last year, of putting operating platform and procedures in place last year, is nine months into the delivery of a three-year plan. And hopefully that message will come through time and again as I talk you through the 2009 results.So, in that context, 2009 was really about two things, and it was putting foundations in place. Firstly, with regards to the financial resources of the business
ING Groupe NV	views, assumptions, and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movement in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic condition and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public findings, which we could urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all these and other variables.Good morning, Jan, Patrick, and Koos. Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you very much. Welcome everyone on the telephone and also on the webcast. I'm happy to report that we made a good start
ING Groupe NV	any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered or unexpected movements by any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, gentlemen. Mr. Hommen, please go ahead.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP NV: Okay, good morning and welcome everyone to the conference call. I'm here
ING Groupe NV	of factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in any forward-looking statement is contained in our public filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and our earnings press release as posted on our website today.Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Good morning, Jan. Over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Okay. Thank you. Welcome, everyone, to the ING fourth-quarter 2012 results conference call.2012 was a transformational year. We worked hard (technical
ING Groupe NV	movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Michel and John. Michel, over to you.MICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Yes. Good morning all. Welcome and thank you for joining the call this morning. I am here as a matter of fact with John Hele, CFO, and Koos Timmermans, our Chief Risk Officer, as well as Tom McInerney, our Head of US Operations. And we have prepared for you a pretty extensive presentation.
ING Groupe NV	US Operations. And we have prepared for you a pretty extensive presentation. I hope that you will bear with us for the next few minutes, long minutes, and after that we will be more than happy to respond to questions.First of all, if you turn to the presentation on page three, we are happy to report that we have recorded underlying net profit of EUR1.9b in the second quarter, although down 28.8% from the second quarter 2007 due to lower investment income and capital gains.We are happy to say that we have limited direct impact from the credit and liquidity
ING Groupe NV	Risk Officer of ING Groep; and Tom McInerney, Member of the Executive Board and CEO of ING US Financial Services.Let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables. They include interest rates; foreign exchange rates; inflation rates; movements in securities markets, including equity markets; and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good morning and good afternoon again, John, Koos and Tom. John, over to you.JOHN HELE, CEO, ING GROEP NV:
ING Groupe NV	CEO, ING GROEP NV: Okay. Good afternoon to everybody. We will just give a very quick introduction and then turn it over to questions. I'm here, again, with Koos Timmermans, the Chief Risk Officer, and Tom McInerney, Executive Board Member for Insurance Americas.Just in terms of highlights for the quarter, we had underlying net profit of EUR1.9 billion, down 29% from a year ago, basically because of lower investment returns and investment income. Our earnings per share was down 20%, and that is because of the EUR5 billion share buyback that we did over the last year that was completed
ING Groupe NV	of ING, Patrick Flynn, Chief Financial Officer, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movement in the securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning Jan, Patrick and Koos. Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. I'm here with Koos and Patrick,
ING Groupe NV	views, assumptions and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Also, in connection with the rights offer we announced this morning, please note that the full information regarding that offering will be contained in a prospective and registration documents we have on file, and will be filing as
ING Groupe NV	set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered and unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Jan. Over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you very much, and a warm welcome to everyone on the ING third-quarter 2011 results conference call.The quarter saw a marked deterioration on debt and equity markets and a slowdown in the macroeconomic environment, as well as a deepening of the sovereign debt crisis in Europe. In this quite challenging environment, the
ING Groupe NV	factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in any forward-looking statement is contained in our public filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and our earnings press release as posted on our website today. Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Good morning, Jan. Over to you, sir.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. Thank you. Welcome, everyone, to the ING 2011 results conference.The fourth quarter was a challenging period. We had
ING Groupe NV	in our public filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and our earnings press release as posted on our website today. Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to buy any securities.So good morning, Jan, and over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Okay. Thank you and welcome everyone to ING's second quarter 2012 results conference call. ING posted solid second quarter results, particularly when we look at the weakening economic environment we are currently in. I will talk
ING Groupe NV	Exchange Commission and our earnings press release, as posted on our website today.Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy or to offer any securities.Good morning, Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP NV: Thank you very much. Welcome, everyone, to our third quarter 2012 results conference call.We posted solid third quarter results, particularly seen against the backdrop of the weakening economic environment. I will talk you through the presentation now. And then we have Patrick Flynn, Wilfred Nagel and Matt Rider here with me, and we all will be available to
ING Groupe NV	sure that you leave this room with no doubt and as comfortable as you can be about those numbers and what they mean. So we have -- we felt that we could afford to make the presentation a bit longer than usual to give you all the details you need to perfectly understand the situation.First of all I would like to say that if we look to 2007 it is a year for us where fundamentally if we look back that we have basically delivered on our strategic priorities to generate long-term value for shareholders. And I think that the
ING Groupe NV	shareholders. And I think that the full year net profits were up 20% to EUR9.2b. And you know EUR9.2b first of all is a record profit of ING. It's also a very nice number by the way. And by the way it includes EUR2b of nice cash profit which is the ABN Amro and Numico, because we just get paid in cash for that, right? Remember that. So it's a nice number to look at. It's -- earnings per share is up 21%. And you have seen that we are going to propose to the general assembly to increase the
ING Groupe NV	including equity markets and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables. That said, John and Koos, over to you.JOHN HELE, CFO, ING GROEP NV: Good afternoon in Europe and good morning still in the Americas. I would like to welcome you to the embedded value call as well as general call with analysts here in the afternoon. In addition to Koos Timmermans with us today who is the Chief Risk Officer of ING Groep we also have Tom McInerney on the
ING Groupe NV	as well as general call with analysts here in the afternoon. In addition to Koos Timmermans with us today who is the Chief Risk Officer of ING Groep we also have Tom McInerney on the line, the executive board member responsible for the Insurance Americas.We have a show presentation to walk through first just to give some key points and highlights on the embedded value. On Page 3 of that presentation has the key points and the first point is the embedded value is EUR32.5 billion before dividends of 17% from 2006. Our Group embedded value where we take the
ING Groupe NV	giving you an overview of the first quarter, after which John Hele will take over with a more detailed discussion of the financial highlights, and Koos Timmermans will follow to comment the risk management section, and I will finish and wrap up with a few closing remarks. And, of course, there will be plenty of time for Q&A.So what I suggest is that you take the presentation to page three, where you can see the key points that we want to make for the first quarter 2008.First of all that you have seen our earnings are affected essentially by the
ING Groupe NV	analyst conference call. We will be a little shorter on time today. We only have 45 minutes due to travel schedules. We will be ending at 1645 Central Time. And as such, and also because we ran through some of the presentations this morning, we're just going to go directly to Q&A so people have time to ask their questions. So we will turn it back to the operator to poll for questions.OPERATOR: (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Bruno Paulson, Bernstein.BRUNO PAULSON, ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN: Some questions on the write-downs in the economic capital. Firstly, on the write-downs, you had -- I
ING Groupe NV	discussion of factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in any forward-looking statement is contained in our public filings, including our most recent annual report on form 20F, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and our earnings press release as posted on our website today.Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Good morning, Ralph. Over to you.RALPH HAMERS, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Welcome, everyone, to ING's third quarter 2013 results conference call. I'm Ralph Hamers, CEO of ING Group. I'll take you
ING Groupe NV	good morning to all of you. This is Michel Tilmant speaking here. Let me first, as an introduction, say we have experienced record results in the fourth quarter of 2006, which illustrates the solid earning capacity of the Groep. And as you have seen, while interest rate environment is challenging for some of our businesses, we have benefited in other parts of the group from strong equity markets, the (indiscernible) environment and favorable underwriting experience in long life.I have to say that what is the most satisfactory in this is that we are reaping the benefits of our strategy commenced
ING Groupe NV	to have an early as possible feedback from us on whatever questions you might have. So I hope this formula is convenient for all of you. And I would certainly welcome any comments after this to make sure that this is convenient for you.I hope that the technology works also very well. I understand that all of you have the slides which you can access through the Internet. I hope that this will work smoothly because my intention is to go through the presentation so that you have the flow of information in front of you.Let me say, first of
ING Groupe NV	Hele and Koos Timmermans and there will be four parts of our presentation. I will first give you the results highlights. Then, John Hele will go through the second quarter results in detail. After that, Koos Timmermans will address the risk management. And I will close the meeting by making a few inroads in our strategy overview.But first of all, let's go back to the key points of this quarter. And I encourage you to go to slide three, which I think you can see on your screen. And indeed, this quarter, we have registered record quarterly results, where underlying
ING Groupe NV	for about one hour, because after that some of us have to fly to London, and we will take the best time, [best of you], of this hour.Given the fact that we have already made a few presentations today, so probably most of you have had the chance to look at it, I am not going to be very long here. I think that, for those of you who haven't heard anything yet, you know that we had a record quarter of net profits of EUR2.7 billion, up 36%. After the realized gain of about EUR573 million on ABN Amro
ING Groupe NV	key issue this morning is that our results demonstrate a structural resilience in a very challenging environment, as our risk management, or risk policies, and strong balance sheet has protected us against the market turmoil.Second, our commercial performance has remained robust, as witnessed both in the insurance by our value of new business and sales growth and by our volume growth in retail balances in banking. We recognize that we have a more challenging environment, and you can see here and there that specific businesses and product areas were affected by the environment, and we'll come back on that.Nevertheless, we
ING Groupe NV	current weather and credit climate, as well as the strong commercial momentum we have throughout the group.We would like to take this opportunity to highlight a couple of key points before we open it up for questions. First of all, I would like to tell you that I'm here today with Koos Timmermans, our Chief Risk Officer; Tom McInerney, our Board Member in charge of Insurance Americas; and Dick Harryvan, our Board Member in charge of ING Direct.So the first key point I would like to just reiterate -- to put all the US subprime, Alt-A and CDOs into perspective
ING Groupe NV	you. Good morning. This is [Thomas Vierheim] welcoming you to ING's first quarter 2008 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, John Hele, Chief Financial Officer, Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer and Tom McInerney, Head of American Operations, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any
ING Groupe NV	and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good morning and good afternoon again. John, Koos, and over to you, Tom -- John, over to you.JOHN HELE, CFO, ING GROEP NV: Good afternoon. Good morning to those listening in the Americas. I would like to welcome you to our analyst conference call. We will be a little shorter on time today. We only have 45 minutes due to travel schedules. We will be ending at 1645 Central Time. And as such, and also because
Johnson & Johnson	the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website.I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Bill Weldon will comment on the 2008 results and provide a strategic outlook for the Company. At the completion of Bill's remarks, Dominic Caruso will provide some additional commentary on the 2008 financial results and guidance for 2009. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9:30 and following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill, we will
Johnson & Johnson	quarter of 2009. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer. A few logistics before we get into the details.This review is being made available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the first quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the first quarter results and guidance for the full year of 2009. We will then open the call to
Johnson & Johnson	for Johnson & Johnson. And it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the second quarter of 2013. Joining me on the call today are Alex Gorsky, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Sandy Peterson, Group Worldwide Chairman; and Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details -- this review is being made available to a broader audience via a Webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the second quarter for
Johnson & Johnson	2006. We will then open the floor to your questions. Bill Weldon is our host today so I encourage you to address your questions to him on more strategic issues.&nbsp;We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9:30 and following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill, we will conclude the meeting at 10 AM. Distributed with a copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as of the copy of the press release.Before
Johnson & Johnson	highlights of the first-quarter 2006 results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Bob Darretta, we will open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2005 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last
Johnson & Johnson	results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Bob Darretta, we will open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one hour.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal-year 2005 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made during this call. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result
Johnson & Johnson	hour. Last item before I get into the results, our Law Department has asked that I remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2003 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made during this call. The 10-K and subsequent filings are available through the Company or online.Now I'd like to review our results for the third quarter of 2004. If you would refer to your copy of the press release, let's begin
Johnson & Johnson	statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2004 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The 10-K and subsequent filings are available through the Company or online.Last items; during this call non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the J&J Website.Now I'd like to review our results for the second quarter of 2005. If you'd refer to your copy of the press release, let's begin
Johnson & Johnson	second quarter of 2010. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. The review is being made available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the second quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the second-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2010. We will then open
Johnson & Johnson	are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments.Following my remarks Domenic will provide some additional commentary on the third-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2010. Sheri will then provide an update on our Pharmaceuticals business. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and, following Q&A with some final remarks by
Johnson & Johnson	commentary on the quarter as well as an update on our guidance for 2005. We will then open the floor to your questions.&nbsp;Since Bill Weldon is our host today, I would encourage you to address your questions to him on more strategic issues. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9:30, and expect to close the meeting following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill Weldon before we conclude the meeting at 10:00 a.m. Distributed with the copy of the press release that you just received are actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience,
Johnson & Johnson	the total company and the three business segments. Following additional remarks from Bob Darretta, we'll open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one hour. Before I get into the results let me remind you that some statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for fiscal year 2004 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last item during the call nonGAAP financial measures may be
Johnson & Johnson	our business results for the first quarter of 2011. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the first quarter for the Corporation and highlights for the three business segments.Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the first-quarter results and guidance for the full year of 2011. We will then
Johnson & Johnson	morning to review our business results for the first quarter of 2012. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This call is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the first quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the first-quarter financial results, and discuss guidance for the
Johnson & Johnson	morning to review our business results for the second quarter of 2012. Joining me on the call today are Alex Gorsky, Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson, and Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This call is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the second quarter for the corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Alex will discuss his near-term and
Johnson & Johnson	of the Johnson & Johnson website.I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Bill Weldon will comment on the 2009 results and provide the strategic outlook for the Company.30 and, following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill, will conclude the meeting around 10 o'clock.Distributed with the copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is a copy
Johnson & Johnson	Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the detail. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the first quarter for the corporation and highlights for our three business segments.Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the first-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2010. We will then open the call to your questions.
Johnson & Johnson	the Johnson & Johnson website.I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter for the corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Bill Weldon will comment on 2010 results and provide a strategic outlook for the Company.At the completion of Bill's remarks, Dominic Caruso will provide some additional commentary on the fourth-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2011. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentations at approximately 9.30 and, following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill, will conclude the meeting around
Johnson & Johnson	segments. Following my remarks, Alex will comment on the 2012 results and provide a strategic outlook for the Company. At the completion of Alex's remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the financial results and guidance for 2013. We will then open the meeting to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentations at approximately 9.45. And following Q&A, with some final remarks by Alex, we'll conclude this portion of the meeting around 10.15.Following a break we will resume at 11 o'clock and begin the Medical Devices and Diagnostics business review that was rescheduled because of Hurricane Sandy. That
Johnson & Johnson	President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a Webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the first quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the financial results and guidance for 2013. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. Included with the press release
Johnson & Johnson	Pharmaceuticals Group.A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from these presentations are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website.I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide additional commentary on the results for the quarter and guidance for the year. Chris and Paul will then provide an update on our pharmaceuticals business. We will then open the floor to your questions.
Johnson & Johnson	an update on our pharmaceuticals business. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and following Q&A with some final remarks by Dominic, we will conclude the meeting around 10 a.m.Distributed with a copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made
Johnson & Johnson	to review our business results for the second quarter of 2009. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President -- Finance and Chief Financial Officer. A few logistics before we get into the details.This review is being made available to a broader audience via a Webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the second quarter for the corporation, and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the second quarter financial results, and update on the
Johnson & Johnson	section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the third-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2009. Alex will then provide an update on our Medical Devices and Diagnostics business and we will open up the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and following Q&A with some final remarks by Dominic, we will conclude the meeting around 10.00 a.m.Distributed with
Johnson & Johnson	Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the second quarter of 2011. Joining me on the call today are Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and Alex Gorsky, Vice Chairman, Executive Committee, Office of the Chairman.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the second quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three
Johnson & Johnson	third quarter of 2011. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our 3 business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the third-quarter results, and guidance for the full-year 2011. We will then open the call to your
Johnson & Johnson	section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three Business segments. Following my remarks Bill Weldon will comment on the 2011 results and provide a strategic outlook for the Company. At the completion of Bill's remarks, Dominic Caruso will provide some additional commentary on the fourth-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2012. We will then open the meeting to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and, following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill, we'll
Johnson & Johnson	quarter of 2012. Joining me on the call today are Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Joaquin Duato, Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals group; and Dr. Paul Stoffels, Chief Scientific Officer and Worldwide Chairman Pharmaceuticals group. A few logistics before we get into the details.This call is being made available to a broader audience via a Webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Then Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the third
Johnson & Johnson	and following Q&A and some final remarks by Bill, we will conclude the meeting around 10 AM.&nbsp;Distributed with the copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and our business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2006 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's
Johnson & Johnson	the first quarter 2008 results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Dominic we will open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one hour.Before I get into the results let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10K for the fiscal year 2007 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements
Johnson & Johnson	Chief Financial Officer. A few logistics before we get into the details.This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. Included with the copy of the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is the press release. I will review highlights of the first quarter 2008 results for the Corporation and for
Johnson & Johnson	the second quarter of 2008. With me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. The press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning includes the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. The press release is also available on the Johnson & Johnson website.I will review highlights of the
Johnson & Johnson	second-quarter 2008 results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Dominic, we will open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately 1 hour.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2007 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a
Johnson & Johnson	Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the third quarter of 2013. Joining me on the call today are Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Michel Orsinger, Worldwide Chairman, DePuy Synthes Companies. A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our three business segments.
Johnson & Johnson	questions. Since Bill Weldon is our host today, I encourage you to address your questions to him on more strategic issues. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and following Q&A, with some final remarks by Bill, we will conclude the meeting at approximately 10 a.m.Distributed with a copy of the press release that you just received, the schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you
Johnson & Johnson	press release.&nbsp;I will review highlights of the first quarter 2007 results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Dominic, we will open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one hour.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2006 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not
Johnson & Johnson	also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.&nbsp;Following my remarks, Dominic will provide additional commentary on the results for the quarter and the guidance for the year. During the Q&A session following the formal remarks we will also be happy to address any questions on the share repurchase program announced last week. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour, but we will be mindful of allowing time to address your questions.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking
Johnson & Johnson	press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for the major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2006 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update
