Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8643 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Computer conference call to discuss first quarter financial results. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I'd like to turn the call over to the Senior Director of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Miss Nancy Paxton. Please go ahead.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Apple issued its first quarter earnings press release at approximately 1:30 P.M. Pacific time today and the earnings press release and financials are available on First Call as well as Apple's website. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Fred Anderson and ge'll be joined by Senior VP of Finance Peter Oppenheimer and VP and Corporate Treasurer Gary Wistler for Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you'll hear during this call consists of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, products, promotions, Apple's retail initiatives, debt retirement and earnings. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to pages 31 through 39 of Apple form 10-K for the
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 9111 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to this Apple Computer conference call to discuss second quarter financial results. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to the Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance, Miss Nancy Paxton. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF IR & CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking today are Apple's CFO, Fred Anderson and SVP of Finance Peter Oppenheimer. And they will be joined by EVP of Sales and Operations,Tim Cook, as well as VP and Corporate Treasurer, Gary Wistler [ph] for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you'll hear during this call consists of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, executive compensation, restructuring expense, other income and expense, taxes, Apple's retail initiatives, capital expenditures and earnings per share. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to pages 30 through 39 of Apple's latest Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 27, 2003.&nbsp;Please also note that should non-GAAP financial measures be
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8537 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to this Apple Computer conference call to discuss third quarter financial results. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director-Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR-IR AND CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by EVP of Worldwide Sales and Operations, Tim Cook; and VP and Corporate Treasurer, Gary Whipfler, for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during this call consists of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, restructuring, capitalized research & development expense, other income and expense, taxes, earnings per share, Apple's retail initiative, Apple's next generation iMac and manufacturing issues associated with the Power PC G5 microprocessor. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to pages 36 through 45 of Apple's latest form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 27, 2004. Please also note that any non-GAAP financial measures included
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8697 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director IR, Corporate Finance * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - CFO, VP Finance * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COOConference Call Participants* Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Bill Shope Credit Suisse - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Bill Fearnley FTN Midwest - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Maynard Um UBS - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - Analyst * Mike Abramsky RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Charles Wolf Needham & Co - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to this Apple, Inc. Apple first quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director, Investor Relations, and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR IR, CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE INC.: Thank you and good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 7972 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director, IR * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - CFO * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COOConference Call Participants* Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Keith Bachman BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Bill Fearnley FTN Equity Capital - Analyst * Bill Shope Credit Suisse - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Scott Craig Banc of America - Analyst * Charles Wolf Needham & Co - Analyst * Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to the Apple Incorporated second quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, APPLE INC.: Thank you, good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO Peter Oppenheimer joined by Apple's COO Tim Cook and Treasurer Gary Whistler for
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 7673 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy PaxtonApple Inc - Senior Director of IR* Peter OppenheimerApple Inc - CFO* Tim CookApple Inc - CEOConference Call Participants* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Gene Munster&nbsp;Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Shannon CrossCross Research - Analyst* Steve MilunovichUBS - Analyst* Keith BachmanBank of Montreal - Analyst* Tavis McCourtRaymond James & Associates - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated third-quarter fiscal-year 2013 earnings-release conference call.Today's call is being recorded.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'amNANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF IR, APPLE INC: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you to everyone for joining us.Speaking first today is Apple CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he will be joined by CEO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Whistler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8013 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. We're about to begin. Good day and welcome to this Apple Computer first quarter financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll joined by Apple COO, Tim Cook, and Corporate Treasurer, Gary Whistler for the Q&A session with the analysts.&nbsp;Please note some that of the information you'll hear during this call consists of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, earnings per share, Apple's retail initiatives, iPod shipments, future products including Intel-based Macs, components prepayments, and non-cash stock-based compensation expense.Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to the risk factors contained in the Company's Form 10-K for 2005. Please also note that any non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 9007 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to this Apple Computer second quarter financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton: Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR IR & CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking today is Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple COO Tim Cook, and Apple treasurer Gary Whipfler for the Q & A session with analysts. Apple's second quarter spans 13 weeks compared to the 14 weeks spanned by our first quarter this year.Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, earnings per share, Apple's retail initiatives, demand for Macintosh computers, future products, including Intel-based Macs and non-cash stock-based compensation expense. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2005 as well as the Form 10-Q for
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 7289 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to this Apple Computer third-quarter financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR AND CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer. And he will be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook, and Apple Treasurer, Gary Wipfler, for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today may consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue; gross margin; operating expenses; other income and expense; taxes; earnings per share; future products; non-cash, stock-based compensation expense and a special committee investigation relating to the Company's past stock option grants. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2005, the Form 10-Q for the first and second fiscal quarters of 2006, and our Form 8-K filed with the SEC today.&nbsp;Please also note that any
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 9590 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Computer conference call to discuss fourth quarter financial results. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR & CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO, Peter Oppenheimer. And he'll be joined by EVP of Worldwide Sales and Operations, Tim Cook; and VP and Corporate Treasurer, Gary Wipfler, for the Q&A session with analysts.&nbsp;Please note that some of the information that you will hear during this call consists of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, capitalized research and development expense, other income and expense, tax, earnings per share, Apple's retail initiative, the iTunes Music Store, manufacturing issues associated with the PowerPC G5 microprocessor, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to pages 39 through 48 of Apple's latest Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 26th, 2004. Please also note that any
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8161 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Computer conference call to discuss third-quarter financial results. Today's call is being recorded. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR AND CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer. He will be joined by EVP of Sales and Operations, Tim Cook, and VP and Corporate Treasurer, Gary Wipler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you will hear during this call consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, earnings per share, future products, and Apple's retail initiatives. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors contained in the Company's Form 10-K for 2004, the Forms 10-Q for the first and second quarters of 2005, and the Form 8-K filed in June, 2005.&nbsp;Please also note that any non-GAAP financial measures included in today's
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8450 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to this Apple Computer conference call to discuss fourth quarter financial results. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SR DIRECTOR IR & CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking as Apple CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he will be joined by EVP of Sales and Operations, Tim Cook , and VP and Corporate Treasurer, Gary Wipler, for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you will hear during this call consists of forward-looking statements regarding revenues, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, earnings per share, future products, Apple's retail initiative, and non-cash share-based compensation expense. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to the risk factors contained in the Company's form 10-K for 2004 and form 10-Q for the first three quarters of 2005. Please also note that any non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8969 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director - IR * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - VP - Finance, CFO * Steve Jobs Apple Inc. - CEO * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COOConference Call Participants* Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Michael Abramsky RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Benjamin Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to this Apple Incorporated fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR - IR, APPLE INC.: Thank you, good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation those regarding revenues, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 9354 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to this Apple Computer conference call to discuss first quarter financial results. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director, Investor Relations, and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he will be joined by EVP of Worldwide Sales and Operations, Tim Cook, and VP and Corporate Treasurer, Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hearing during this call consists of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, earnings per share, and Apple's retail initiative. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast and for more information please refer to pages 45 through 58 of Apple's Form 10-K for fiscal year 2004. Please also note that any non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 9223 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to this Apple Computer conference call to discuss second quarter financial results. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR AND CORP. FINANCE, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking today is Apple's CFO Peter Oppenheimer and he'll be joined by EVP of Sales and Operations Tim Cook and VP and Corporate Treasurer Gary Wipler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you will hear during this call consists of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, earnings per share, future products, and Apple's retail initiatives. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to pages 45 through 58 of Apple's form 10-K for fiscal year 2004, and to pages 33 through 44 of Apple's 10-K for the first quarter of fiscal 2005.&nbsp;Please also note that any non-GAAP financial measures included in
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8494 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy PaxtonApple Computer, Inc. - IR contact* Peter OppenheimerApple Computer, Inc. - VP of Finance, CFO* Tim CookApple Computer, Inc. - CEOConference Call Participants* Katie HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Richard GardnerCitigroup - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Shannon CrossCross Research - Analyst* Shaw WuSterne, Agee & Leach - Analyst* Scott CraigBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Kulbinder GarchaCredit Suisse - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated second-quarter fiscal-year 2012 earnings-release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, IR CONTACT, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he will be joined by Apple CEO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer Gary Whistler for the Q&Q session with analysts.Please note that some of
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8493 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy PaxtonApple Computer, Inc. - IR contact* Peter OppenheimerApple Computer, Inc. - VP of Finance, CFO* Tim CookApple Computer, Inc. - Chief Operations OfficerConference Call Participants* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Shannon CrossCross Research - Analyst&nbsp;* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Andy HargreavesPacific Crest Securities - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Shaw WuSterne, Agee & Leach - Analyst* Brian MarshallISI Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated third quarter fiscal year 2012 earnings release call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.NANCY PAXTON, IR CONTACT, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8493 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy PaxtonApple Computer, Inc. - IR contact* Peter OppenheimerApple Computer, Inc. - VP of Finance, CFO* Tim CookApple Computer, Inc. - Chief Operations OfficerConference Call Participants* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Shannon CrossCross Research - Analyst&nbsp;* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Andy HargreavesPacific Crest Securities - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Shaw WuSterne, Agee & Leach - Analyst* Brian MarshallISI Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated third quarter fiscal year 2012 earnings release call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.NANCY PAXTON, IR CONTACT, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion
Apple Inc.	FinalCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director IR * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - VP Finance, CFO * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COOConference Call Participants* Gene Munster Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Bill Shope Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Charles Wolf Needham & Company - Analyst * Mike Abramsky RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Maynard Um UBS - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bill Feamley FTN Equity Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and Welcome to Apple Inc. first quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR IR, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8629 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director of IR * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - VP of Finance, CFO * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COOConference Call Participants* Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Brian Marshall Gleacher & Company - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Keith Bachman BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Michael Abramsky RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Charles Wolf Needham & Co - Analyst * Shaw Wu Kaufman Brothers - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Apple Incorporated third quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF IR, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8589 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director IR * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - CFO * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COOConference Call Participants* Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Bill Shope Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Bryan Blair Sledge Partners - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan - Analyst * Jason Maynard Wells Fargo - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to this Apple, Inc. first-quarter fiscal year 2011 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR IR, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenues, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense,
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8141 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Computer, Inc. - IR * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Computer, Inc. - VP Finance, CFO * Tim Cook Apple Computer, Inc. - COOConference Call Participants* Bill Shope Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Keith Bachman BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Scott Craig BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mike Abramsky RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Brian Blair Wedge Partners - Analyst * Andy Hargreaves Pacific Crest Securities - Analyst * Shaw Wu Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. - Analyst * Maynard Um UBS - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan Chase & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Inc. second-quarter fiscal-year 2011 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I will now turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations.
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 9231 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy PaxtonApple Computer, Inc. - Senior Director of IR* Tim CookApple Computer, Inc. - CEO* Peter OppenheimerApple Computer, Inc. - VP - Finance & CFOConference Call Participants* Kathryn HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst&nbsp;* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steve MilunovichUBS - Analyst* Shannon CrossCross Research - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Scott CraigBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated first quarter fiscal-year 2013 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF IR, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking today are Apple CEO Tim Cook, and CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and they will be joined by Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8661 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy PaxtonApple Inc. - Senior Director IR* Tim CookApple Inc. - CEO* Peter OppenheimerApple Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Steve MilunovichUBS - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst&nbsp;* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Shannon CrossCross Research - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to this Apple Inc. second-quarter fiscal year 2013 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR IR, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today are Apple's CEO Tim Cook, and CFO Peter Oppenheimer. And they'll be joined by Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes future
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8933 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director, IR and Corporate Finance * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - VP Finance, CFO * Steve Jobs Apple Inc. - CEO * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COOConference Call Participants* Bill Schultz Credit Suisse - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Charles Wolf Needham & Co - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Bill Fearnley FTN Midwest - Analyst * Mike Abramsky RBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated, Apple fourth quarter fiscal 2008 conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR AND CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you, to everyone, for joining us. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin,
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8250 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director, IR * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - VP Finance, CFO * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COOConference Call Participants* Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Bill Fearnley FTN Equity Capital. - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Bill Shope Credit Suisse - Analyst * Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Mike Abramsky RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Andy Hargreaves Pacific Crest - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Brian Marshall Broadpoint AmTech - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Charles Wolf Needham & Co - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to the Apple Incorporated third quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8343 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director, IR * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - VP - Finance, CFO * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COOConference Call Participants* Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Scott Craig BAS-ML - Analyst * Mike Abramsky RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Bill Shope Credit Suisse - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Maynard Um UBS - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Shaw Wu Kaufman Brothers - Analyst * Brian Marshall Broadpoint AmTech - Analyst * Bill Fearnley FTN Equity Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Apple, Inc. fourth quarter 2009 fiscal earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us.
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 9131 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy PaxtonApple Inc - Senior Director, IR* Tim CookApple Inc - CEO* Peter OppenheimerApple Inc - VP of Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Shannon CrossCross Research - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Richard GardnerCitigroup - Analyst* Kulbinder GarchaCredit Suisse - Analyst* Scott CraigBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mike AbramskyRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to this Apple Incorporated fourth-quarter fiscal year 2011 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, APPLE INC: Thank you, good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8696 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy PaxtonApple Inc - IR contact* Peter OppenheimerApple Inc - VP of Finance, CFO* Tim CookApple Inc - Chief Operations OfficerConference Call Participants* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Richard GardnerCitigroup - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Shannon CrossCross Research - Analyst* Kulbinder GarchaCredit Suisse - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Michael AbramskyRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to this Apple Incorporated first quarter fiscal year 2012 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations.NANCY PAXTON, IR CONTACT, APPLE INC: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and he will be joined by Apple CEO Tim Cook, and Treasurer Gary Whipfler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8562 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy PaxtonApple Inc - IR contact* Peter OppenheimerApple Inc - VP of Finance, CFO* Tim CookApple Inc - CEO* Gary WipflerApple Inc - VP TreasurerConference Call Participants* Kathryn HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Shannon CrossCross Research - Analyst&nbsp;* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Steve MilunovichUBS - Analyst* Scott CraigBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Brian MarshallISI Group - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Kulbinder GarchaCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated fourth quarter fiscal year 2012 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, IR CONTACT, APPLE INC: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple CEO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8140 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Apple, Incorporated's second quarter 2008 quarterly results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, APPLE INC.: Thank you, good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer. He'll be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Wipfler for Q and A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today may consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings and future products. Actual results or trends may differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2007, the form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2008 and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates.
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8276 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director, IR * Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - VP - Finance, CFO * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COO * Gary Wipfler Apple Inc. - TreasurerConference Call Participants* Ben Reitzes Lehman Brothers - Analyst * William Fearnley FTN Midwest - Analyst * Mike Abramsky RBC Capital - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Kathy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Andrew Neff Bear Stearns - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - Analyst * Shaw Wu American Technology Research - Analyst * Jeff Fidacaro Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Charles Wolf Needham & Co - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Apple, Incorporated's second quarter 2008 quarterly results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, APPLE INC.: Thank you, good afternoon, and thanks to
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 9001 wordsCorporate Participants* Peter Oppenheimer Apple Inc. - CFO * Tim Cook Apple Inc. - COO * Nancy Paxton Apple Inc. - Senior Director, IR, Corporate FinanceConference Call Participants* Bill Fearnley FTN Midwest - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Andy Hargreaves Pacific Crest Securities - Analyst * Charles Wolf Needham & Co - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Keith Bachman BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Shannon Cross Cross Research - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan - Analyst * Katie Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jeff Fidacaro Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Mike Abramsky RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Yair Reiner Oppenheimer & Co - Analyst * Shaw Wu American Technology - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to this Apple, Incorporated's fiscal year 2008 third quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR,
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8855 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to this Apple, Incorporated's fiscal year 2008 third quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.&nbsp;Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today may consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, iPhone sales, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2007, the forms 10-Q for the first two quarters of fiscal 2008, and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today, and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8672 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy PaxtonApple Inc - Senior Director of IR* Tim CookApple Inc - CEO* Peter OppenheimerApple Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Gene Munster&nbsp;Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Shannon CrossCross Research - Analyst* Steve MilunovichUBS - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated fourth-quarter fiscal year 2013 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF IR, APPLE INC: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today are Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and they will be joined by Vice President and Corporate Controller Luca Maestri for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8629 wordsOPERATOR: Thanks so much for holding, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to this Apple first quarter financial results conference call. Just a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And now at this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR IR AND CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone, for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple COO Tim Cook and Apple Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today, will consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, earnings per share, future products, and non-cash stock-based compensation expense. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast, and for more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2006 and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release.&nbsp;With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 8083 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Inc. second quarter 2007 quarterly results conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call to Nancy Paxton, Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY PAXTON, SR. DIRECTOR, IR AND CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE INC.: Thank you, good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer. He'll be joined by Apple COO Tim Cook and Treasurer Gary Whistler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today may consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, taxes, earnings per share, future products and non-cash stock-based compensation expense.&nbsp;Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2006, the Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2007, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release.Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 7937 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Thank you, very much, for holding and welcome to the Apple third quarter 2007 quarterly results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Nancy Paxton, senior director, investor relations and corporate finance. Please go ahead.NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR - INVESTOR RELATIONS & CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he will be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook and treasurer, Gary Wipfler, for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today may consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, iPhone sales, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple Form 10-K for 2006, the Forms 10-Q for the first and second quarters of 2007, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to
Apple Inc.	LENGTH: 7602 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Apple Incorporated fourth quarter 2007 quarterly results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, CORP. FIN., APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO, Peter Oppenheimer; and he'll be joined by Apple COO, Tim Cook; and Treasurer, Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our call may consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, and our earnings. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2006, the Forms 10-Q for the first, second, and third quarters of 2007, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of
ABB	LENGTH: 22004 wordsCorporate Participants* John Corona ABB - IR * Joe Hogan ABB - CEO * Michel Demare ABB - CFO & Head of Global MarketsConference Call Participants* Martin Wilkie Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Andreas Willi JPMorgan - Analyst * William Mackie MainFirst Bank - Analyst * Mark Truman Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Christel Monot UBS - Analyst * Andrew Carter Macquarie - Analyst * Erik Karlsson AKO Capital - Analyst * James Moore Redburn Partners - Analyst * Julian Beer SCB Enskilda - Analyst * Alex Migliorini Helvea - Analyst * Johan Trocme Nordea Markets - Analyst * Simon Smith Credit Suisse - Analyst * Scott Babka Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon. I am Stephanie, the Chorus Call operator for this conference. Welcome to the ABB fourth-quarter and full-year 2008 results analyst and investor conference call hosted by Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB. Please note that for the duration of the presentation, all participants will be in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions). This call must not be recorded for publication or broadcast. A replay of this call will be
ABB	LENGTH: 9789 wordsCorporate Participants* Joe HoganABB Ltd - CEO* Eric ElzvikABB Ltd - CFO* Ulrich SpiesshoferABB Ltd - Head of Discrete Automation and MotionConference Call Participants* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Olivier EsnouExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Ben UglowMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Andreas WilliJPMorgan - Analyst* Daniela Costa&nbsp;Goldman Sachs & Co. - Analyst* Fredric StahlUBS - Analyst* Sebastien GruterSociete Generale - Analyst* William MackieBerenberg - Analyst* Simon ToennessenCredit Suisse - Analyst* Martin WilkieDeutsche Bank Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning or good afternoon. Welcome to the ABB Q2 2013 results conference call. I am Stephanie, the Chorus Call operator. I would like to remind you that all participants will be in listen-only mode, and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be a Q&A session. (Operator Instructions)At this time, it's my pleasure to hand over to Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB; and Mr. Eric Elzvik, CFO of ABB. Please go ahead, gentlemen.JOE HOGAN, CEO, ABB LTD: Good afternoon. Both Eric and Joe here. Thanks for joining us on our call for the 2013 second quarter results. As always my comments in this call refer to the presentation on our website at abb.com.On chart
ABB	LENGTH: 10313 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. This is the Chorus Call conference operator. Welcome and thank you for joining the ABB 2006 second quarter results analyst and investor conference call, hosted by Mr. Fred Kindle, CEO of ABB. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. We will kindly ask each caller to limit themselves to two questions only. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Fred Kindle, CEO of ABB. Please go ahead, sir.FRED KINDLE, CEO, ABB LTD: Thank you very much, ma'am. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining our analyst conference call for the second quarter 2006 results. With me as usual this afternoon is Michel Demare, our Chief Financial Officer. My comments this afternoon refer to the presentation that you can download from our website at abb.com.Chart two. Please refer to chart two for our Safe Harbor text regarding forward-looking statements that may be made today.&nbsp;Let's move on to chart three, key developments. Chart three presents an overview of our performance. We continue to deliver strong results in the second quarter of 2006. We are clearly benefiting from the strong global demand
ABB	LENGTH: 10210 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. This is the Chorus Call conference operator. Welcome to the ABB 2006, third quarter results analyst and investor's conference call, hosted by Mr. Fred Kindle, CEO.As a reminder all participants are in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. We would kindly ask each caller to limit themselves to two questions only. For those journalists who have called in, your participation is in listen-only mode. This call must not be recorded for publication or broadcast. A replay of this call will be available for 96 hours following the conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Fred Kindle, CEO of ABB. Please go ahead sir.FRED KINDLE, CEO, ABB LTD: Thank you very much, ma'am. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining our analyst and investor's conference call for the third quarter 2006 results. With me is as usual is Michel Demare our Chief Financial Officer. My comments on this call refer to the presentation that we have posted on our website at abb.com this morning for your download.Chart two on
ABB	LENGTH: 9409 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. This is the conference call conference operator. Welcome to the ABB 2005 second quarter results analysts and investors conference call hosted by Mr. Fred Kindle and Mr. Michel Demare. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Fred Kindle, CEO of ABB. Please go ahead, sir.FRED KINDLE, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ABB: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, or good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining our analyst's conference call for the second quarter 2005 results. With me this afternoon is Michel Demare, our Chief Financial Officer. For those of you who took the time to download the presentation on our Internet site, I will refer to the charts in that presentation.&nbsp;Let's start with slide number 3, titled &quot;ABB Group Q2 2005 Summary.&quot; As you will have seen in the press release, we had a reasonably good quarter, despite some special charges. As a matter of fact, it would have been another excellent quarter if not for these additional items. On the tope line, orders and revenues continue to grow at a good pace, especially due to the very favorable development of base orders. This indicates that our
ABB	LENGTH: 11478 wordsCorporate Participants* Joe Hogan ABB - CEO * Michel Demare ABB - CFOConference Call Participants* Andreas Willi JPMorgan - Analyst * Christel Monot UBS - Analyst * James Moore Redburn Partners - Analyst * Julian Beer SEB Enskilda - Analyst * Mark Troman Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Colin Gibson HSBC - Analyst * Martin Wilkie Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Olivier Esnou Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Alfred Glaser Cheuvreux - Analyst * William Mackie Berenberg Bank - Analyst * Simon Smith Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon. I'm Stephanie, the Chorus Call operator for this conference. Welcome to the ABB first quarter 2011 results analyst and investor conference call. Please note that for the duration of the presentation, all participants will be in listen-only mode, and the conference is being recorded. (Operator instructions) A broadcast of this call will be available for one month following the conference. (Operator instructions) This call must not be recorded for publication or broadcast.&nbsp;At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB. Please go ahead, sir.JOE HOGAN, CEO, ABB: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today to
ABB	LENGTH: 10737 wordsCorporate Participants* Joe HoganABB Ltd. - CEO* Michel DemareABB Ltd. - CFOConference Call Participants* Daniela CostaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Benedict UglowMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Andreas WilliJPMorgan - Analyst* Frederic StahlUBS - Analyst* Mark TromanBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Martin ProzeskySanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC - Analyst* Martin WilkieDeutsche Bank - Analyst* William MackieBerenberg Bank - Analyst* James MooreRedburn Partners - Analyst* Olivier EsnouExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Alfred GlaserCA Cheuvreux - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Welcome to the ABB first quarter 2012 results analysts and investor conference call. I am Stephanie, the Chorus Call operator.I would like to remind you that all participants will be in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be a Q&A session. (Operator instructions)At this time, it's my pleasure to hand over to Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB, and Mr. Michel Demare, CFO of ABB. Please go ahead, gentlemen.JOE HOGAN, CEO, ABB LTD.: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us to discuss our first quarter 2012 results. As always, my comments in this call refer to the presentation available on our website at ABB.com.Please refer to chart 2 for our Safe Harbor statement,
ABB	LENGTH: 11941 wordsCorporate Participants* Joe HoganABB Ltd. - CEO* Michel DemareABB Ltd. - CFOConference Call Participants* Mark TromanBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Andreas WilliJPMorgan - Analyst* Benedict UglowMorgan Stanley - Analyst* William MackieBerenberg Bank - Analyst* James MooreRedburn Partners - Analyst* Frederic StahlUBS - Analyst* Olivier Esnou&nbsp;Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Daniela CostaGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning or good afternoon. Welcome to the ABB second quarter 2012 results analyst and investor conference call. I'm Stephanie, the Chorus Call operator. I would like to remind you that all participants will be in listen-only mode, and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be a Q&A session. (Operator instructions)At this time, it's my pleasure to hand over to Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB, and Michel Demare, CFO of ABB. Please go ahead, gentlemen.JOE HOGAN, CEO, ABB LTD.: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for joining us. Michel and I will be here to walk through some of the slides and to take any questions. As always, the charts and the presentation that we're going to speak from is on ABB.com. I'd turn your attention also to chart 2, which is our Safe Harbor statement, and
ABB	LENGTH: 9598 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. This is the conference operator. Welcome to the ABB third quarter 2005 results conference call hosted by Mr. Fred Kindle, CEO of ABB, and Mr. Michel Demare, CFO of ABB. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. This call must not be recorded for publication or broadcast. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Fred Kindle, CEO of ABB. Please go ahead, Mr. Kindle.FRED KINDLE, PRESIDENT, CEO, ABB: Thank you very much, ma'am. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining our analysts conference call for the third quarter 2005 results. With me this afternoon is Michel Demare, our Chief Financial Officer, who will also jump in in answering questions. When going through the script here, I will be referring to the slides of the presentation which you can download from our Internet site.&nbsp;Let's start with slide number 3, ABB Group Third Quarter 2005 Summary. ABB turned in a very strong third quarter performance. Operational improvements and our lead position in key markets produced solid order and revenue growth and Group EBIT margin of 8.1%. In view of the positive market conditions and the
ABB	FinalCorporate Participants* Joe Hogan ABB Group - CEO * Michel Demare ABB Group - CFO, Head - Global Markets * Brice Koch ABB Group - Head -- Marketing & Customer Solutions * Ulrich Spiesshofer ABB Group - Head - Corporate DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Thomas Diamond NZB - Analyst * Axel Funhoff ING - Analyst * Mark Troman Banc of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Lisa Randall Nomura - Analyst * Fredric Stahl UBS - Analyst * Alex Mirarini Javer - Analyst * Julian Beer SEB Enskilda - Analyst * Simon Smith Credit Suisse - Analyst * Andreas Willi JP Morgan - Analyst * Martin Prozesky Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Martin Wilkie Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Andrew Carter Macquarie Bank - Analyst * Olivier Esnou Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Gael de Bray Societe Generale - Analyst * Timothy Rothery Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning or good afternoon. I am Stephanie, the conference call operator for this conference. Welcome to the ABB First Quarter and Full Year 2009 Results Analysts and Investor Conference Call, hosted by Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB.&nbsp;Please note that for the duration of the presentation, all participants will be in listen-only mode
ABB	LENGTH: 10208 wordsCorporate Participants* Joe HoganABB Ltd - CEO* Erik ElzvikABB Ltd - CFOConference Call Participants* Andreas WilliJPMorgan Cazenove - Analyst* Ben UglowMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark TromanBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Daniela CostaGoldman Sachs & Co. - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Capital Research - Analyst* Fredric StahlUBS - Analyst&nbsp;* Olivier EsnouExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* James MooreRedburn Partners - Analyst* Martin WilkieDeutsche Bank Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning or good afternoon. Welcome to the ABB Q4 and full-year results 2012 conference call. I'm Selena, the Chorus Call operator. I would like to remind you that all participants will be in listen-only mode, and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be a Q&A session. (Operator Instructions).At this time, it's my pleasure to hand over to Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB, and Mr. Erik Elzvik, CFO of ABB. Please go ahead, gentlemen.JOE HOGAN, CEO, ABB LTD: Good morning, and good afternoon. It's Joe Hogan here with Erik, as mentioned. Starting with page 2, our safe harbor statement, and page 3, which is just a quick summary, so we'll quickly go to chart 4.As our headline says, we're raising our dividend; we had really solid
ABB	LENGTH: 9706 wordsCorporate Participants* Joe HoganABB Ltd - CEO* Eric ElzvikABB Ltd - CFOConference Call Participants* Ben UglowMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Andreas WilliJPMorgan - Analyst* Mark TromanBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Daniela CostaGoldman Sachs & Co. - Analyst* Simon ToennessenCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jeffrey SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Sebastien Gruter&nbsp;Societe Generale - Analyst* James MooreRedburn Partners - Analyst* Olivier EsnouExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* William MackieBerenberg Bank - Analyst* James StettlerCanaccord Genuity - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning or good afternoon. Welcome to the ABB first quarter 2013 results analyst and investor conference call. I'm Julia, the Chorus Call operator. I would like to remind you that all participants will be in listen-only mode, and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be a Q&A session. (Operator Instructions).At this time, it's my pleasure to hand over to Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB, and Mr. Eric Elzvik, CFO of ABB. Please go ahead, gentlemen.JOE HOGAN, CEO, ABB LTD: Hello, it's Joe and Eric. Thanks for joining the call, and good afternoon to everyone. As always, our comments on the call, you can refer to the presentation that's on our website at abb.com.I call your attention
ABB	LENGTH: 12432 wordsCorporate Participants* Joe Hogan ABB - CEO * Michel Demare ABB - CFOConference Call Participants* Andreas Willi JP Morgan - Analyst * Mark Troman Merrill Lynch - Analyst * James Stettler Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein - Analyst * William Mackie MainFirst Bank - Analyst * Julian Beer SEB Enskilda - Analyst * Colin Gibson HSBC - Analyst * Charlie Dove-Edwin MF Global - Analyst * Martin Wilkie Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Christel Monot UBS - Analyst * Johann Tropmei Nordea Markets - Analyst * Simon Smith Credit Suisse - Analyst * Olivier Esnou Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Scott Babka Morgan Stanley - Analyst * GianMarco Bonacina Euromobiliare Sim - Analyst * Gerhard Moore Societe Generale - Analyst * Fabrizio Catano - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon. This is the Chorus Call conference operator. Welcome to the ABB 2008 third quarter results Analyst and Investors conference call, hosted by ABB's new CEO, Mr. Joe Hogan.&nbsp;As a reminder, all participants are in a listen-only mode, and the conference is being recorded. (Operator instructions)At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Hogan of ABB. Please go ahead, sir.JOE HOGAN, CEO, ABB: Good afternoon, or good
ABB	LENGTH: 10220 wordsCorporate Participants* Joe HoganABB Ltd. - CEO* Michel DemareABB Ltd. - CFOConference Call Participants* Andreas WilliJPMorgan - Analyst* Simon SmithCredit Suisse - Analyst* Daniela CostaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Mark TromanBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jeffrey SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Colin GibsonHSBC - Analyst* William MackieBerenberg Bank - Analyst* Martin WilkieDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Martin ProzeskySanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC - Analyst* Alfred GlaserCA Cheuvreux - Analyst* Olivier EsnouExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Jose ArroyasSantander GBM - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon. I am Stephanie, the Chorus Call operator for this conference. Welcome to the ABB third quarter 2011 results analyst and investors conference call, hosted by Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO. Please note for the duration of the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). A replay of this call will be available for four weeks following the conference. (Operator Instructions).At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB. Please go ahead, sir.JOE HOGAN, CEO, ABB LTD.: Hello and thanks for joining us today to discuss our third quarter 2011 results. As always, my comments in this call refer to
ABB	LENGTH: 14495 wordsCorporate Participants* Joe HoganABB Ltd. - CEO* Michel DemareABB Ltd. - CFO* Diane de Saint VictorABB Ltd. - General Counsel* Tarak MehtaABB Ltd. - Head of Low Voltage ProductsConference Call Participants* Benedict UglowMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark TromanBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Andreas WilliJPMorgan - Analyst* William MackieBerenberg Bank - Analyst* Simon SmithCredit Suisse - Analyst* Martin WilkieDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Alfred GlaserCA Cheuvreux - Analyst* Frederic StahlUBS - Analyst* James MooreRedburn Partners - Analyst* Daniela CostaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Olivier EsnouExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Andrew CarterRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Gael De BraySociete Generale - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning or good afternoon. Welcome to the ABB fourth quarter and full-year 2011 results analysts and investor conference call. I am Myra, the Chorus Call operator.I would like to remind you that all participants will be in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). At this time, it's my pleasure to hand over to Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB, and Mr. Michel Demare, CFO of ABB. Please go ahead, gentlemen.JOE HOGAN, CEO, ABB LTD.: Hi. Good afternoon or good morning, depending on where you are. I want to thank you for joining
ABB	LENGTH: 10330 wordsCorporate Participants* Joe HoganABB Ltd. - CEO* Michel DemareABB Ltd. - CFOConference Call Participants* Daniela CostaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Andreas WilliJPMorgan - Analyst* Mark TromanBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Olivier EsnouExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* James MooreRedburn Partners - Analyst* William MackieBerenberg Bank - Analyst* Martin Wilkie&nbsp;Deutsche Bank - Analyst* Fredric StahlUBS - Analyst* Mark FieldingCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning or good afternoon. Welcome to the ABB third quarter results 2012 analyst and investor conference call. I am Stephanie, the Chorus Call operator. I would like to remind you that all participants will be in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be a Q&A session. (Operator instructions).At this time, it's my pleasure to hand over to Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB; and Mr. Michel Demare, CFO of ABB. Please go ahead, gentlemen.JOE HOGAN, CEO, ABB LTD.: Good afternoon. It's Joe Hogan here for third quarter results, I think, and we start off with the presentation today that's on abb.com; and assuming that most of you have it downloaded, we'll start from there.Chart number 2 is our safe harbor statement, and nothing's changed there so we'll move quickly
ABB	LENGTH: 17176 wordsCorporate Participants* Michel Gerber ABB - Head, IR * Michel Demare ABB - CEO * Anders Jonsson ABB - Robotic Division * Peter Leupp ABB - Power Systems Division * Hubertus von Gruenberg ABB - ChairmanConference Call Participants* Thomas Baumann NZB - Analyst * Alex Migliorini Helvea - Analyst * Timm Schulze-Melander Bear, Stearns & Co. - Analyst * Andreas Willi JP Morgan - Analyst * Rupert Coull Redburn Partners - Analyst * James Moore Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael Lockholm PNC - Analyst * Mark Troman Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Will Mackie MainFirst Bank - Analyst * Colin Gibson HSBC - Analyst * Simon Smith Citigroup - Analyst * David Lodger Carmignac - Analyst * Gerhard Moore Societe Generale - Analyst * Bracker Scherma CLSA - AnalystPresentationMICHEL GERBER, HEAD, IR, ABB: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to this analyst investor presentation on ABB's Group result 2007. We have the usual set up. People are here in the room in Zurich. We have people following this conference call and some people over the Internet. So, especially later on when we're coming into the Q&A session, please I'll remind you to wait until you get
ABB	LENGTH: 17046 wordsMICHEL GERBER, HEAD, IR, ABB: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to this analyst investor presentation on ABB's Group result 2007. We have the usual set up. People are here in the room in Zurich. We have people following this conference call and some people over the Internet. So, especially later on when we're coming into the Q&A session, please I'll remind you to wait until you get a microphone so that people on the phone or on the Web can actually hear your question.There is also again a bit of housekeeping with regard to security measures in case of an emergency evacuation procedure here at the conference. There are no plans to test the alarm today as usual. So if an alarm is activated, please follow the instruction of ABB hosts and leave the room by the exit in the back of the hall. It's -- actually, it's the one to my right, your left, or the two exits here in front of the room. So this is a bit of housekeeping.&nbsp;Today the conference will be hosted and led by Michel Demare, CEO of ABB Group. We also have here with us today our Chairman, Hubertus
ABB	LENGTH: 9565 wordsCorporate Participants* Ulrich SpiesshoferABB Ltd. - CEO* Eric ElzvikABB Ltd. - CFOConference Call Participants* Simon ToennessenCredit Suisse - Analyst* Andreas WilliJPMorgan - Analyst* Ben UglowMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark TromanBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jeffrey SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Daniela CostaGoldman Sachs - Analyst&nbsp;* Olivier EsnouExane - Analyst* Daniel CunliffeNomura - Analyst* Fredric StahlUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning or good afternoon. Welcome to the ABB Q3 2013 Results Analysts and Investors Conference Call. I'm Stephanie, the Chorus Call operator.At this time, it's my pleasure to turn over to Mr. Ulrich Spiesshofer, CEO of ABB, and Mr. Eric Elzvik, CFO of ABB. Please, go ahead, gentlemen.ULRICH SPIESSHOFER, CEO, ABB LTD.: Good afternoon and good morning to everybody on this call. Welcome to everybody to the Q3 2013 results call.It's a pleasure for me to present the results for the first time as ABB's CEO. It's an exciting time to take on this challenge, and I'm looking forward to talking to all of you in the coming months and quarters about how we see the business developing, as well as hearing your views on the Company.I'm joined today by my long-term colleague and our
ABB	LENGTH: 11048 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon and this is the Chorus Call conference operator. Welcome to the ABB 2007 Second Quarter Results Analysts and Investors Conference Call, hosted by Mr. Fred Kindle, CEO and Mr. Michel Demare, CFO of ABB.As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. We would kindly ask each caller to limit themselves to two questions only. For those journalists who have called in, your participation is in listen-only mode. This call must not be recorded for publication or broadcast. A replay of this call will be available for two weeks following the conference. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS].At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Fred Kindle, CEO. Please go ahead sir.FRED KINDLE, CEO, ABB LTD.: Thank you very much ma'am. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining our analysts and investors conference call for the second quarter 2007 results. With me is Michel Demare, our Chief Financial Officer. My comments in this call refer to the presentation that you can download from our website at abb.com.&nbsp;Let's start with chart two, the Safe Harbor Statement,
ABB	LENGTH: 9939 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. This is the Chorus Call conference operator. Welcome to the ABB Third Quarter 2007 Results Analysts' Conference Call, hosted by Fred Kindle, CEO of ABB. As a reminder, all participants are in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. We would kindly ask each caller to limit themselves to two questions only. For those journalists who have called in, your participation is in listen-only mode. This call must not be recorded for publication or broadcast. A replay of this call will be available for two weeks following the conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Fred Kindle, CEO of ABB. Please go ahead, Mr. Kindle.FRED KINDLE, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ABB LTD: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining our analysts' and investors' conference call for the third quarter 2007 results. With me is Michel Demare, our Chief Financial Officer. My comments in this call refer to the presentation that you can download from our website at abb.com.Let's have a look at chart two. Please refer to chart two for our
ABB	LENGTH: 19181 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon to this year's presentation of ABB Full Year 2003 and of course also Fourth Quarter Results. You all had, I hope so, time to go through the press release this morning. We will have a sequence like last year, with our Chairman, Mr. Dormann, Chairman, CEO kicking off. We then have Peter Voser, with the financials, Gary Steel will tell you a little bit about the achievements that we had in Step change and the cultural change implication that this program has, and we will then give you certainly the opportunity to ask the first round of questions. We will have a little break after that, and then we'll go right into the core activities of ABB, the activities that are mainly responsible, I would say, for the good results that we were able to show today with presentation of Peter Smits for Power Technologies, and Dinesh Paliwal, on Automation Technology, we will then have another round of Q&A, and after we close here, we will all be around for a couple of minutes of course for a more informal gathering outside, where we can have further discussions on what we have
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 11472 wordsCorporate Participants* John Thomas Abbott Laboratories - VP of IR * Miles White Abbott Laboratories - Chairman, CEO * Tom Freyman Abbott Laboratories - EVP, Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Glenn Novarro RMB Capital Markets - Analyst * Rick Weiss Leerink Swann - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * Sara Michelmore Cowen and Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to Abbott's fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question and answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions) Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call, please dial 1-312-470-7334 and reference the Abbott call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.&nbsp;I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.JOHN THOMAS, VP OF IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 12232 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's fourth-quarter 2005 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Divisional Vice President Investor Relations.JOHN THOMAS, DIVISIONAL VP, IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Also on today's call with me will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Jeff Leiden, President and Chief Operating Officer of our Pharmaceutical Products Group, and Rick Gonzalez, President and Chief Operating Officer of our Medical Products Group. Miles is going to make some opening remarks, and Tom will review the fourth-quarter and year-end financial results and provide more financial detail regarding our outlook for '06. Jeff will discuss performance of the Pharmaceutical Products Group, and Rick will cover the Medical Products Group. Following our comments, of course, we will take any
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 8561 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's first quarter 2006 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.JOHN THOMAS, VP IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thanks for joining us. On today's call, joining me will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Tom is going to review the first quarter financial results and I will discuss business operating highlights. Following our comments, we'll take any questions as always that you may have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking for the purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in exhibit 99.1 of our Securities & Exchange Commission form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2005 and are incorporated by reference.&nbsp;We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 8599 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to Abbott's second-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question and answer portion of this call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations for Abbott.JOHN THOMAS, DIVISIONAL VP, IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call with me will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the second-quarter financial results, and I will discuss business operating highlights. Following our comments we will take any questions you have.&nbsp;Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 9098 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to Abbott's third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations for Abbott.JOHN THOMAS, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Tom is going to review the third quarter financial results, and I'll discuss the business operating highlights. Following our comments we will take questions as usual.&nbsp;Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in our Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2005
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 10916 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's second quarter 2005 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call.During the question-and-answer session, you will be able to ask your question by pressing the star one keys on your touch-tone phone. Should you become disconnected throughout the conference call, dial 1-312-470-7334, and reference the Abbott call.This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission.&nbsp;I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.JOHN THOMAS, DIVISIONAL VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks. Good morning, and thanks everybody for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.Tom will review the second quarter financial results and I'll cover the operating highlights in the Pharmaceutical Products Group, and the Medical Products Group. Following our comments, we'll take any questions that you have.Some statements made today may be
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 11069 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's third quarter 2005 earnings conference call.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.&nbsp;I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.JOHN THOMAS, IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thank you for joining us.Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer, as well as Jeff Leiden, President and Chief Operating Officer, Pharmaceutical Products Group, and Rick Gonzalez, President and Chief Operating Officer, Medical Products Group. Tom will review the third quarter financial results and Jeff and Rick will cover the operating highlights in the Pharmaceutical Products Group and Medical Products Group respectively.Following our comments, we will take any questions you may have.Some statements made today will be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We caution that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 9565 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Abbott Laboratories third quarter 2004 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. During the question-and-answer session you will be able to ask a question by pressing star 1 on your touch-tone phone. Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call please dial 312-470-7008 and reference the Abbott Laboratories call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;JOHN THOMAS, DIV. VP, IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thank you. And good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman our Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the third quarter financial results, and I will cover the business operating highlights and our Medical Products and Pharmaceutical Products Groups. Following our comments we'll take any questions you have
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 13262 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Abbott Laboratories fourth quarter 2004 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. During the question-and-answer session you will be able to ask a question by pressing star 1 on your touch-tone phone. Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call please dial 312-470-7334 and reference the Abbott Laboratories call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exceptions of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;JOHN THOMAS, DIV. VP, IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Rick Gonzalez, President and Chief Operating Officer of our Medical Products Group, and Jeff Leiden, President and Chief Operating Officer of our Pharmaceutical Products Group.
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 9982 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to Abbott's first-quarter 2005 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer portion of this call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants, questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott and cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.JOHN THOMAS, DIVISIONAL VP IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Also on today's call with me will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the first-quarter financial results and I am going to cover our Pharmaceutical Products Group and Medical Products Group. Following our comments we will obviously take any questions you have. Some statements made today will be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We caution that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 9676 wordsCorporate Participants* John ThomasAbbott Laboratories - VP, IR and Public Affairs* Tom FreymanAbbott Laboratories - EVP, Finance & CFO* Larry PeepoAbbott Laboratories - Divisional VPConference Call Participants* Rick WiseLeerink Swann - Analyst* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call.All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions)This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.JOHN THOMAS, VP, IR AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter as well as
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 11325 wordsCorporate Participants* John ThomasAbbott - VP, IR and Public Affairs* Tom FreymanAbbott - EVP, Finance and CFO* Larry PeepoAbbott - Divisional Vice President of IRConference Call Participants* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Rajeev Jashnani&nbsp;UBS - Analyst* Jeff HolfordJefferies - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call including the question and answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.And I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, VP, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.JOHN THOMAS, VP, IR AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS, ABBOTT: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations. Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter and outlook for the year. Larry
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 14214 wordsCorporate Participants* John Thomas Abbott Laboratories - VP IR and Public Affairs * Miles White Abbott Laboratories - Chairman, CEO * Tom Freyman Abbott Laboratories - EVP Finance, CFO * Larry Peepo Abbott Laboratories - IRConference Call Participants* Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Glenn Navarro RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * Tony Butler Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's fourth-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott.&nbsp;With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission.Now I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President Investor Relations and Public Affairs.JOHN THOMAS, VP IR AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 10720 wordsCorporate Participants* John Thomas Abbott Laboratories - VP, IR and Public Affairs * Tom Freyman Abbott Laboratories - EVP of Finance and CFO * Larry Peepo Abbott Laboratories - Divisional VP of IRConference Call Participants* Mike Weinstein JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Glenn Novarro RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Rajeev Jashnani UBS - Analyst * Robert Hopkins BofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission.&nbsp;I would now like to introduce to John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.JOHN THOMAS, VP, IR
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 12871 wordsCorporate Participants* Brian YoorAbbott Laboratories - VP IR* Miles WhiteAbbott Laboratories - Chairman, CEO* Tom FreymanAbbott Laboratories - EVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Mike WeinsteinJefferies & Co. - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - Analyst* David RomanGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. During the question-and-answer session you will be able to ask your question. (Operator Instructions)This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or re-broadcast without Abbott's express written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. Bryon Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.BRIAN YOOR, VP IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.Miles will provide his
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 11332 wordsCorporate Participants* Brian YoorAbbott Laboratories - VP of IR* Miles WhiteAbbott Laboratories - Chairman, CEO* Tom FreymanAbbott Laboratories - EVP of Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Kristen StewartDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo - Analyst&nbsp;* David RomanGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Rick WiseStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions).This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.BRIAN YOOR, VP OF IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks,
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 10609 wordsCorporate Participants* John Thomas Abbott Laboratories - VP of IR * Tom Freyman Abbott Laboratories - EVP, Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Larry Keusch Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Phil Nalbone RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wachovia - Analyst * Sara Michelmore Cowen and Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to Abbott's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only mode until the question and answer portion of this call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission.&nbsp;I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.JOHN THOMAS, VP OF IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the third quarter results
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 10528 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to Abbott's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only mode until the question and answer portion of this call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.JOHN THOMAS, VP OF IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the third quarter results and I will discuss the business operating highlights as normal. Following our comments, we'll take any questions that you have.&nbsp;Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A risk factors to our 2007 Form 10K. We undertake no
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 14508 wordsCorporate Participants* John ThomasAbbott Laboratories - VP, IR and Public Affairs* Miles WhiteAbbott Laboratories - Chairman of the Board & CEO* Rick GonzalezAbbott Laboratories - EVP, Pharmaceutical Products* Tom FreymanAbbott Laboratories - EVP, Finance & CFOConference Call Participants* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Rick WiseLeerink Swann - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Catherine ArnoldCredit Suisse - Analyst* Barbara RyanDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions).This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It can not be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs.JOHN THOMAS, VP, IR AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today we are going to be discussing two important Abbott news events. First, our announcement to separate into two independent publicly traded companies, one in
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 11920 wordsCorporate Participants* John ThomasAbbott Laboratories - VP of IR and Public Affairs* Miles WhiteAbbott Laboratories - Chairman and CEO* Tom FreymanAbbott Laboratories - EVP, Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Rick WiseLeerink Swann - Analyst* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst* Barbara RyanDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Sara MichelmoreBrean Murray, Carret & Co. - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's fourth-quarter and full-year 2011 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott.With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President Investor Relations and Public Affairs.JOHN THOMAS, VP OF IR AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for joining us, everybody. Also on today's call will be Miles White, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer;
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 16714 wordsCorporate Participants* John ThomasAbbott Laboratories - VP, IR and Public Affairs* Miles WhiteAbbott Laboratories - Chairman, CEO* Tom FreymanAbbott Laboratories - EVP Finance, CFO* Rick GonzalezAbbott Laboratories - EVP, Pharmaceutical Products Group* Bill ChaseAbbott Laboratories - VP, Licensing and AcquisitionConference Call Participants* David LewisMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jami Rubin&nbsp;Goldman Sachs - Analyst* Michael WeinsteinJPMorgan - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jeff HolfordJefferies & Company - Analyst* Danielle AntalffyLeerink Swann & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's third-quarter 2012 conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.JOHN THOMAS, VP, IR AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Today we'll discuss our third-quarter
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 10393 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) This call is being recorded by Abbott, with the exception of any participants questions asked during the question and answer session. The entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.I would like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.JOHN THOMAS, VP OF IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks. Good morning. And thanks for joining us, everybody. Also on today's call will be: Miles White, Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks on Abbott's 2007 performance and outlook for 2008, and Tom will review the details of our financial results. I'll then add some additional information on the major businesses. Following our comments we will take any questions that you have.&nbsp;Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 12925 wordsCorporate Participants* Brian YoorAbbott Laboratories - VP IR* Miles WhiteAbbott Laboratories - Chairman, CEO* Tom FreymanAbbott Laboratories - EVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* David RomanGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Glenn NavarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Rick WiseStifel Nicolaus - Analyst&nbsp;* David LewisMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jeff HolfordJefferies and Company - Analyst* Kristen StewartDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions).This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.BRIAN YOOR, VP IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.Miles will provide opening remarks and
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 13085 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, and thank you are for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. During the question-and-answer session, you will be able to ask your question by pressing the star one keys on your touchtone phone. Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call, please dial 1-312-470-7334 and reference the Abbott call. This call is being recorded by Abbott, with the exception of any participants' question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President Investor Relations.&nbsp;JOHN THOMAS, VP OF IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call, will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Rick Gonzalez, President and Chief Operating Officer. Miles will make some opening remarks and Tom will review the fourth quarter and year-end financial results and provide more financial detail regarding our outlook for 2007. Rick will discuss the business operating highlights.
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 9497 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to Abbott's first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer portion of this call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. This call is being recorded by Abbott, with the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question and answer session. The entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copywrited by Abbott. It can not be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.JOHN THOMAS, VP IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning, and thanks, for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the first quarter results and I'll discuss the business operating highlights. Following our comments, we'll take any questions that you have.&nbsp;Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may effect Abbott's operations
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 9687 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.&nbsp;JOHN THOMAS, VP, IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the second quarter results, and I will discuss the business operating highlights. Following our comments, we will take any questions you may have. Some comments made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 9168 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to Abbott's third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission.I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President Investor Relations.JOHN THOMAS, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the third quarter results, and I will discuss the business operating highlights. Following our comments, we'll take any questions that you have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.&nbsp;Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A, risk factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10K for the year
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 14019 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the Abbott Laboratories fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant questions asked during the Q&A session, the entire call, including the Q&A session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It can't be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. If you become disconnected throughout the conference call, dial 1-630-395-0026 and refer to the Abbott Laboratories call. I would like now to introduce Mr. John Thomas, divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.JOHN THOMAS, DIVISIONAL VICE PRESIDENT-INVESTOR RELATIONS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, our Senior Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Rick Gonzalez, President of our Medical Products Group; and Dr. Jeff Leiden, President of our Pharmaceutical Products Group. Miles will open the call with a summary of our 2003 achievements and our outlook and priorities for 2004. Tom will review the fourth quarter and year-end financial results and provide more financial detail regarding our outlook for this year. Rick will cover the Medical Products Group and Jeff will discuss the performance
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 8893 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Abbott Laboratories' conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants, questions answered in the Q&A session, the entire call including the Q&A session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Divisional Vice President Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.JOHN THOMAS, DIVISIONAL VP IR, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and Cathy Babington, Vice President Investor Relations and Public Affairs.&nbsp;Tom is going to review the first quarter financial results. Cathy will discuss performance of our Pharmaceutical Products Group, and I will cover the Medical Products Group. Following our comments we will take any questions as always that you have.Some statements made today will be forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the
Abbott Laboratories	LENGTH: 11252 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the Abbott Laboratories 2004 second quarter earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question and answer portion of this call. During the question and answer session you will be able to ask your question by pressing the star, one key on your.touch-tone phone. Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call please dial 1-630-395-0026 and reference the Abbott Laboratories call. This call is being recorded by Abbott with the exception of any participants questions asked during the question and answer session the entire call including the question and answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir, you may begin.&nbsp;JOHN THOMAS (ph), DIVISIONAL VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman our Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer and Cathy Babington, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs. Tom will review the second quarter financial results as he always does, Cathy will discuss performance of the pharmaceutical products group and
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 10953 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Clark Accenture - Managing Director, IR * Bill Green Accenture - Chairman & CEO * Pamela Craig Accenture - CFO * Steve Rohleder Accenture - COOConference Call Participants* Tien-Tsin Huang JPMorgan - Analyst * Jason Kupferberg UBS Securities - Analyst * Rod Bourgeois Bernstein - Analyst * Tim Fox Deutsche Bank - Analyst * George Price Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Bryan Keane Credit Suisse - Analyst * Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Ira Sawyer Wachovia - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's second quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after the presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, the Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Richard Clark. Please go ahead.&nbsp;RICHARD CLARK, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2009 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 10106 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClureAccenture PLC - Managing Director IR* Pierre NantermeAccenture PLC - Chairman and CEO* Pamela CraigAccenture PLC - CFO* David RowlandAccenture PLC - SVP FinanceConference Call Participants* Tien-Tsin HuangJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rod BourgeoisSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Bryan KeaneDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Julio QuinterosGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jason KupferbergJefferies & Company - Analyst* Keith BachmanBank of Montreal - Analyst* Sara GubinsBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Edward CasoWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Steven MilunovichUBS - Analyst* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's third quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE PLC: Thank you, Joshua, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2013 earnings announcement. As Joshua just mentioned, I am KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig,
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9329 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the Accenture's first quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Carol Meyer. Please go ahead.CAROL MEYER, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you operator. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today for our first quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings announcement. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chief Executive Officer, Mike McGrath, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. And I hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued earlier this afternoon. Let me quickly give you the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Mike will take you through the results in more detail. And Steve will add some operational perspective. Mike will then take you through our business outlook for the second quarter and the full fiscal year. And Bill will provide a brief wrapup before we take questions.&nbsp;As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9045 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2006 Earnings Conference Call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to turn the conference over to Carol Meyer, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.CAROL MEYER, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today particularly on such short notice. We wanted to make sure that we shared this information with you promptly, which is the reason we moved up our normal release time and call. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chief Executive Officer, Mike McGrath, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer.I hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued just a short while ago. Let me quickly give you the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview, Mike will take you through our results in more detail, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Mike will then take you through our business outlook for the third quarter and the full fiscal year, and Bill will close the presentation before we take questions.&nbsp;As a reminder, when we discuss
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9801 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Accenture third quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings conference call.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I'd also like to remind you, this conference is being recorded and replay information will be given at the conclusion of the call.I'd now like to turn the call over to Carol Meyer, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.CAROL MEYER, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Operator.&nbsp;And thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal year 2006 earning announcement.With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chief Executive Officer; Mike McGrath, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer.I hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly give you the agenda for today's call.Bill will begin with an overview of our results, Mike will take you through the detail, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Mike will then take you through our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. And Bill will close the presentation before we take questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we are talking about revenues
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 10141 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to today's Accenture third quarter fiscal year 2005 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I'd like to turn it over to our host, Managing Partner of Investor Relations, Ms. Carol Meyer. Please go ahead, Ms. Meyer.CAROL MEYER, IR, ACCENTURE: Thanks operator and thanks everyone for joining us today for Accenture's third quarter fiscal year 2005 earnings announcement. With me today are Bill Green, our Chief Executive Officer, Mike McGrath, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. I hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued earlier this afternoon.&nbsp;Let me quickly give you the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results and describe some of the trends we are seeing in our business. Mike will then take you through the results in more detail, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Bill and Mike will then discuss our business outlook for the fourth-quarter and the full fiscal year 2005. And then
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9555 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2005 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Carol Meyer, Managing Director of Investor Relations for Accenture. Please go ahead.CAROL MEYER, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, ACCENTURE: Thanks everyone for joining us today for Accenture's fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2005 earnings announcement. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chief Executive Officer; Mike McGrath, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. I hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued earlier this afternoon. Let me quickly give you the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results and describe some of the trends we are seeing in our business, then Mike will take you through the results in more detail, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Mike will then take you through our business outlook for the first quarter and the full fiscal year 2006 and Bill will provide a brief recap before we open up for questions.&nbsp;As a reminder when we discuss revenues
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 10207 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Clark Accenture - Managing Director - IR * William Green Accenture - Chairman, CEO * Pamela Craig Accenture - CFOConference Call Participants* Tien-Tsin Huang JPMorgan - Analyst * Rod Bourgeois Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Adam Frisch Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bryan Keane Credit Suisse - Analyst * Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Karl Keirstead Kaufman Bros. - Analyst * Tim Fox Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Moshe Katri Cowen and Company - Analyst * Jason Kupferberg UBS - Analyst * Ed Caso Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Joseph Foresi Janney Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Accenture's fourth quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. We will take questions at the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Richard Clark. Please go ahead.&nbsp;RICHARD CLARK, MANAGING DIRECTOR - IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Tammy, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9642 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's first quarter fiscal year 2005 earnings conference call. At this time all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. If you would like to ask a question during today's conference please depress star, then 1 on your touch-tone phone. You may withdraw your request from this queue at any time by depressing the pound key. And as a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to the managing partner of Investor Relations, Carol Meyer. Please go ahead.&nbsp;CAROL MEYER, MANAGING PARTNER, IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you operator and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal year 2005 earnings announcement. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chief Executive Officer, Mike McGrath, our CFO, and Steve Rohleder, our COO. I hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued just a short while ago. Let me quickly give you the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results and describe some of the trends we are seeing in our business. Mike will then take you through the
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 8555 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's Q2 fiscal year 2005 earnings call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to turn the conference over to Carol Meyer Managing Partner of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.CAROL MEYER, MANAGING PARTNER OF IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you operator and thanks everyone for joining us for today for Accenture's second quarter fiscal year 2005 earnings announcement. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chief Executive Officer, Mike McGrath our CFO and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. And I hope by now you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued just a short while ago. Let me quickly give you the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results and describe some of the trends we are seeing in our business. Mike will take you through the results in more detail and Steve will add some operational perspective. Then Mike will discuss our business outlook for the third quarter and the full fiscal year '05 and then we will open the call up for questions.&nbsp;As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call we are talking about
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 8913 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClure Accenture Public Ltd Co - Managing Director IR * Pierre Nanterme Accenture Public Ltd Co - CEO * Pam Craig Accenture Public Ltd Co - CFOConference Call Participants* Tien-Tsin Huang JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Rod Bourgeois Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * James Friedman Susquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst * Ashwin Shirvaikar Citigroup - Analyst * Nathan Rozof Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Arvind Ramnani UBS - Analyst * David Grossman Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Dave Koning Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Darrin Peller Barclays Capital - Analyst * Joseph Foresi Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * George Price BB&T Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Accenture's third-quarter fiscal 2011 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9083 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClure Accenture - Managing Director IR * Pierre Nanterme Accenture - CEO * Pam Craig Accenture - CFOConference Call Participants* Rod Bourgeois Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Moshe Katri Cowen and Company - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - Analyst * Nathan Rozof Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ashwin Shirvaikar Citigroup - Analyst * Jason Kupferberg Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Joseph Foresi Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * Arvind Ramnani UBS - Analyst * David Grossman Stifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's fourth quarter fiscal 2011 earnings call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for your questions. (Operator Instructions). I'd also like to remind you that today's conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I'll now turn the conference over to KC McClure, Director Investor Relations. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Kathy. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2011 earnings announcement. As Kathy just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9592 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClureAccenture PLC - Managing Director IR* Pierre NantermeAccenture PLC - CEO* Pam CraigAccenture PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Darrin PellerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tien-Tsin HuangJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rod BourgeoisSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Bryan KeaneDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Julio QuinterosGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Joseph ForesiJanney Montgomery Scott - Analyst* David GrossmanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Edward CasoWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Ashwin ShirvaikarCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's third quarter fiscal 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE PLC: Thank you, Tom. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2012 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer; and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer.We
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9174 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClureAccenture PLC - Managing Director of IR* Pierre NantermeAccenture PLC - CEO* Pamela CraigAccenture PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Rod BourgeoisSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Tien-Tsin HuangJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ashwin ShirvaikarCitigroup - Analyst&nbsp;* Bryan KeaneDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Julio QuinterosGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jason KupferbergJefferies & Company - Analyst* George PriceBB&T Capital Markets - Analyst* Darrin PellerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Joseph ForesiJanney Montgomery Scott - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Accenture's first-quarter fiscal 2013 earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF IR, ACCENTURE PLC: Thank you, Tom, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first-quarter fiscal 2013 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 13690 wordsCorporate Participants * Richard Clark Accenture - Managing Director of IR * Bill Green Accenture - Chairman & CEO * Pam Craig Accenture - CFOConference Call Participants * Rod Bourgeois Bernstein - Analyst * Moshe Katri Cowen & Company - Analyst * Tien-Tsin Huang JPMorgan - Analyst * Darrin Peller Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Kupferberg UBS - Analyst * Julio Quniteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * George Price Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Ed Caso Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Bryan Keane Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ashwin Shirvaikar Citigroup - AnalystPresentation--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Operator [1]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. &nbsp;At this time, all phone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). With that said, today's conference is being recorded and with that I would now introduce your option speaker for today, Managing Director of Investor Relations Richard Clark. Please go ahead.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Richard Clark, Accenture - Managing Director of IR [2]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Thank you, Doug, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm
Accenture plc	FinalCorporate Participants* Richard Clark Accenture - Managing Director IR * Bill Green Accenture - Chairman, CEO * Pam Craig Accenture - CFOConference Call Participants* Adam Frisch Morgan Stanley - Analyst * George Price Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Karl Keirstead Kaufman Brothers - Analyst * Rod Bourgeois Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Bryan Keane Credit Suisse - Analyst * Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jason Kupferberg UBS - Analyst * Joseph Foresi Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * Tien-Tsin Huang JPMorgan - Analyst * Tim Fox Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Reik Read Robert Baird & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's second quarter fiscal 2010 earnings call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.&nbsp;RICHARD CLARK, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, operator. Thanks everyone for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2010 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green,
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 8869 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Clark Accenture - Managing Director, IR * William Green Accenture - Chairman, CEO * Pamela Craig Accenture - CFOConference Call Participants* Rod Bourgeois Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Darrin Peller Barclays Capital - Analyst * Tien-Tsin Huang JPMorgan - Analyst * Joseph Foresi Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Adam Frisch Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Edward Caso Wells Fargo - Analyst * Bryan Keane Credit Suisse - Analyst * Karl Keirstead Kaufman Brothers - Analyst * Moshe Katri Cowen & Co - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's third quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference. At this time, all lines are in a listen only mode. (Operator Instructions). I'd also like to remind you that today's conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to Richard Clarke, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RICHARD CLARK, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Operator, thank you everyone for joining us today on our third quarter fiscal 2010 earnings announcement. As the Operator just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, Managing of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our
Accenture plc	FinalCorporate Participants* KC McClure Accenture - Managing Director - IR * William Green Accenture - Chairman, CEO * Pamela Craig Accenture - CFO * Pierre Nanterme Accenture - CEO-designateConference Call Participants* Rod Bourgeois Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Nathan Rozof Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jason Kupferberg UBS - Analyst * Darrin Peller Barclays Capital - Analyst * Tien-Tsin Huang JPMorgan - Analyst * Ed Caso Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Bryan Keane Credit Suisse - Analyst * Moshe Katri Cowen and Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's first quarter fiscal 2011 earnings call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;I'll now turn the conference over to KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR - IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Kathy, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2011 earnings announcement. As Kathy just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9057 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClure Accenture - Managing Director of IR * Pierre Nanterme Accenture - CEO * Pamela Craig Accenture - CFOConference Call Participants* Tien-Tsin Huang JPMorgan - Analyst * Darrin Peller Barclays Capital - Analyst * Adam Frisch Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Rod Bourgeois Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Tim Fox Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Joseph Foresi Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * Ed Caso Wells Fargo - Analyst * George Price BB&T Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Accenture's second-quarter fiscal 2011 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, we are recording today's conference.&nbsp;With that, I would like to turn the conference over to Managing Director of Investor Relations, KC McClure.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Doug, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second-quarter fiscal 2011 earnings announcement. As Doug just mentioned, I am KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations.With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9799 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClureAccenture PLC - Managing Director IR* Pierre NantermeAccenture PLC - CEO* Pamela CraigAccenture PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Tien-Tsin HuangJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rod BourgeoisSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Darrin PellerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Bryan KeaneDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Julio QuinterosGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ashwin ShirvaikarCitigroup - Analyst* David TogutEvercore Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Accenture's second-quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE PLC: Thank you, Katy, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our second-quarter fiscal 2013 earnings announcement. As Katy just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 10072 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Clark Accenture - Global Managing Director of IR * Bill Green Accenture - Chairman & CEO * Pamela Craig Accenture - CFO * Steve Rohleder Accenture - COOConference Call Participants* Jason Kupferberg UBS - Analyst * George Price Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Rob Bujois Bernstein - Analyst * Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Brian Keane Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ed Caso Wachovia - Analyst * Tien-tsin Huang JPMorgan - Analyst * Karl Keirstead Kaufman Brothers - Analyst * Tim Fox Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Elizabeth Buckley Arete Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's third quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen only mode, later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Richard Clark. Please go ahead.&nbsp;RICHARD CLARK, GLOBAL MANAGING DIRECTOR OF IR, ACCENTURE: Thanks, Gary. Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today -- third quarter fiscal 2009 earnings announcement. As the operator
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 10976 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Clark Accenture - Managing Director, IR * Bill Green Accenture - Chairman, CEO * Pam Craig Accenture - CFOConference Call Participants* George Price Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Tien-Tsin Huang JPMorgan - Analyst * Rod Bourgeois Bernstein - Analyst * Jason Kupferberg UBS - Analyst * Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Moshe Katri Cowen & Company - Analyst * Tim Fox Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ed Caso Wells Fargo - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2009 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Richard Clark. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RICHARD CLARK, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full fiscal 2009 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9417 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClureAccenture PLC - Managing Director IR* Pierre NantermeAccenture PLC - CEO* Pam CraigAccenture PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Tien-Tsin HuangJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rod BourgeoisSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Julio QuinterosGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Bryan KeaneDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Darrin PellerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Avishai KantorCowen and Company - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Nathan RozofMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ashwin ShirvaikarCitigroup - Analyst* David GrossmanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Joseph ForesiJanney Montgomery Scott - Analyst* George PriceBB&T Capital Markets - Analyst* Nathan NovakRobert W. Baird & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's first-quarter fiscal 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE PLC: Thank you, Tom, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first-quarter fiscal 2012 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned, I'm KC McClure,
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 8167 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClureAccenture plc - Managing Director IR* Pierre NantermeAccenture plc - CEO* Pam CraigAccenture plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Tien-Tsin HuangJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rod BourgeoisSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Julio QuinterosGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Bryan KeaneDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Nate RozofMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Darrin PellerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jason KupferbergJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Ashwin ShirvaikarCitigroup - Analyst* Arvind RamnaniUBS - Analyst* Joseph ForesiJanney Montgomery Scott - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Accenture's second-quarter fiscal 2012 earnings call. At this time, all lines are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Senior Director of Investor Relations, KC McClure. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE PLC: Thank you, Ryan. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second-quarter fiscal 2012 earnings announcement. As Ryan just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9734 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClureAccenture PLC - Managing Director IR* Pierre NantermeAccenture PLC - CEO* Pamela CraigAccenture PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Tien-Tsin HuangJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Darrin PellerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Rod BourgeoisSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Julio QuinterosGoldman Sachs - Analyst&nbsp;* Moshe KatriCowen and Company - Analyst* Bryan KeaneDeutsche Bank - Analyst* George PriceBB&T Capital Markets - Analyst* David GrossmanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Edward CasoWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Sara GubinsBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Joseph ForesiJanney Montgomery Scott - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's fourth-quarter fiscal 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all phone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. And with that I'd now like to turn the conference over to Managing Director of Investor Relations, KC McClure. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE PLC: Thank you, Doug, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth-quarter and full-year fiscal 2012 earnings announcement. As Doug just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme,
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 5845 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's first quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.RICHARD CLARK, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, operator. And thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pam Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer.&nbsp;We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 10645 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Clark Accenture - Managing Director IR * Bill Green Accenture - Chairman, CEO * Pam Craig Accenture - CFO * Steve Rohleder Accenture - COOConference Call Participants* Julio Quinteros Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Adam Frisch UBS - Analyst * Rod Bourgeois Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Andrew Steinerman Bear Stearns - Analyst * Ed Caso Wachovia Securities - Analyst * Moshe Katri Cowen & Co - Analyst * Bryan Keane Credit Suisse - Analyst * Elizabeth Buckley Arete Research - Analyst * George Price Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Tim Fox Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Tien-tsin Huang JPMorgan - Analyst * Cark Juerstead Kaufman Brothers - Analyst * Ashwin Shirvaikar Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's second quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all phone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for your questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. With that being said, I would now like to introduce your opening speaker today, Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RICHARD CLARK, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR,
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 10521 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's second quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all phone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for your questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. With that being said, I would now like to introduce your opening speaker today, Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RICHARD CLARK, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2008 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9163 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Clark Accenture - Managing Director, IR * Bill Green Accenture - Chairman, CEO * Pamela Craig Accenture - CFO * Steve Rohleder Accenture - COOConference Call Participants* Rod Bourgeois Bernstein - Analyst * Adam Frisch UBS - Analyst * Moshe Katri Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Vincent Lansing Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bryan Keane Credit Suisse - Analyst * George Price Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * David Collin JPMorgan - Analyst * Karl Keirstead Kaufman Brothers - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Accenture's third-quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, we are recording today's call. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Richard Clark. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RICHARD CLARK, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you everyone for joining us today on our third-quarter fiscal 2008 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer.We hope you have had an opportunity to review
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9064 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to Accenture's third-quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, we are recording today's call. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Richard Clark. Please go ahead, sir.RICHARD CLARK, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you everyone for joining us today on our third-quarter fiscal 2008 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I am Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer.We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the remainder of fiscal year 2008 and Bill will close the presentation before we take questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 10010 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClureAccenture PLC - Managing Director IR* Pierre NantermeAccenture PLC - Chairman and CEO* David RowlandAccenture PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Rod BourgeoisSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Tien-Tsin HuangJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* David GrossmanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Julio QuinterosGoldman Sachs - Analyst&nbsp;* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Bryan KeaneDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Moshe KatriCowen and Company - Analyst* Joseph ForesiJanney Montgomery Scott - Analyst* David KoenigRobert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst* Ashwin ShirvaikarCitigroup - Analyst* David TogutEvercore Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Accenture's fourth quarter fiscal 2013 earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE PLC: Thank you, Paul, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2013 earnings announcement. As Paul just mentioned I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9363 wordsCorporate Participants* KC McClureAccenture - Managing Director IR* Pierre NantermeAccenture - Chairman & CEO* David RowlandAccenture - CFOConference Call Participants* Bryan KeaneDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Tien-Tsin HuangJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* David GrossmanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Rod BourgeoisSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst&nbsp;* Darrin PellerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Sara GubinsBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jamie FriedmanSIG - Analyst* Jason KupferbergJefferies & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Accenture's first quarter fiscal 2014 earnings call.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Ms. KC McClure. Please go ahead.KC MCCLURE, MANAGING DIRECTOR IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Tom, and thanks, everyone for joining us today on our first-quarter fiscal 2014 earnings announcement. As Tom just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations.With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will
Accenture plc	LENGTH: 9565 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Accenture's first quarter fiscal year 2008 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over your host, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Richard Clark. Please go ahead.RICHARD CLARK, IR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today on our first quarter fiscal 2008 earnings announcement.As the operator just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer.&nbsp;We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results, Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for fiscal year 2008 and
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 10506 wordsCorporate Participants* Charlene Hamrah American International Group - Director of IR * Ed Liddy American International Group - Chairman & CEO * David Herzog American International Group - EVP & CFO * Chris Moore American International Group * Nick Walsh Foreign General Insurance - EVP * Unidentified Company Representative American International Group * Rod Morton American International Group * Unidentified Company Representative American International Group * Chris Swift American International Group - CFO Life & Retirement ServicesConference Call Participants* John Levin Levin Capital - Analyst * Andrew Kligerman UBS - Analyst * Michael Barry Banc of America - Analyst * Jimmy Bhullar JPMorgan - Analyst * Ron Bobman Capital Returns - Analyst * Tom Gallagher Credit Suisse - Analyst * Scott Frost HSBC - Analyst * Dan Johnson Citadel Investment Group - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.Now, I would like to turn the meeting over to your host for today's call, Director of Investor Relations Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Ma'am, you may
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 10361 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.Now, I would like to turn the meeting over to your host for today's call, Director of Investor Relations Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, DIRECTOR OF IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us for this mornings conference call. before we begin, it should be noted that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning certain financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to special purpose vehicles formed with the federal reserve bank of new york, asset dispositions, liquidity, collateral posting requirements, management, operations, products and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ possibly materially from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections and statements.&nbsp;Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ possibly materially from those in the specific projections and statements include developments
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9565 wordsCorporate Participants* Teri Watson American International Group, Inc. - VP-IR * Ed Liddy American International Group, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * David Herzog American International Group, Inc. - CFO * Paula Reynolds American International Group, Inc. - Chief Restructuring Officer * Elias Habayeb American International Group, Inc. - CFO-AIG Financial ProductsConference Call Participants* Michael Barry Banc of America - Analyst * Arun Kumar JPMorgan - Analyst * Josh Shanker Citi - Analyst * Donna Halverstadt Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Ian Gutterman Adage Capital - Analyst * Scott Frost HSBC - Analyst * Tom Walsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * Richard Simone Old Mutual - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you all for holding. I would like to remind all parties that you will be in a listen-only mode for the duration of today's conference. (Operator Instructions).Today's conference is also being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.Now I will turn the call over to Teri Watson, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.TERI WATSON, VP-IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that remarks made on this call
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9585 wordsCorporate Participants* Teri Watson American International Group, Inc. - VP, IR * Ed Liddy American International Group, Inc. - Chairman and CEO * David Herzog American International Group, Inc. - CFO, EVP * Paula Reynolds American International Group, Inc. - Vice Chairman, Chief Restructuring Officer * Kris Moor American International Group, Inc. - EVP, AIG Property Casualty Group * Nick Walsh American International Group, Inc. - EVP, Foreign General Insurance * Rod Martin American International Group, Inc. - EVP, Life Insurance * Matt Winter American International Group, Inc. - Vice Chairman, Transition Planning and Administration * Jay Wintrob American International Group, Inc. - EVP, Retirement Services * Elias Habayeb American International Group, Inc. - CFO, Financial Services GroupConference Call Participants* Arun Kumar JPMorgan - Analyst * Josh Shanker Citi - Analyst * Donna Halverstadt Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Scott Frost HSBC - Analyst * Sean Fareau Deutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome. Thank you for standing by. All lines are in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's call. (Operator Instructions). Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9396 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz WernerAmerican International Group Inc - IR* Bob BenmoscheAmerican International Group Inc - President & CEO* David HerzogAmerican International Group Inc - CFO* Peter HancockAmerican International Group Inc - CEO - Property Casualty* Jay WintrobAmerican International Group Inc - CEO - Life and Retirement* John DoyleAmerican International Group Inc - CEO - Property Casualty Global Commercial&nbsp;* Brian SchreiberAmerican International Group Inc - EVP, Treasury & Captial Markets* Bill DooleyAmerican International Group Inc - EVP, Investments & Financial Services* Jeff FarberAmerican International Group Inc - SVP & Deputy CFOConference Call Participants* Jay GelbBarclays Capital - Analyst* Greg LocraftMorgan Stanley - Analyst* John NadelSterne, Agee & Leach - Analyst* Mark FinkelsteinEvercore Partners - Analyst* Randy BinnerFBR Capital Markets - Analyst* Jay CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Josh ShankerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Mike NannizziGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the American International Group's first quarter financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.LIZ WERNER, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC: Good morning. Thank you for joining us, everyone. Welcome to AIG's discussion of our first quarter
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9897 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz WernerAmerican International Group, Inc. - VP IR* Bob BenmoscheAmerican International Group, Inc. - President, CEO* David HerzogAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP, CFO* Peter HancockAIG Property Casualty - CEO* Jay WintrobAIG Life and Retirement - President, CEO* John DoyleAIG Property Casualty - CEO of Global Commercial Insurance* Brian SchreiberAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP, Treasurer&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Josh ShankerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Paul NewsomeSandler O'Neill & Partners - Analyst* Jay CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jay GelbBarclays - Analyst* Jimmy BhullarJPMorgan - Analyst* Josh StirlingSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Mark FinkelsteinEvercore Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the American International Group's second-quarter financial results conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.At this time I would like to turn the conference over to today's host, Ms. Liz Werner, head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.LIZ WERNER, VP IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to AIG's discussion of our second-quarter 2013 results. Speaking this morning will be Bob Benmosche, President and CEO; David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 10076 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for joining us for the AIG fourth-quarter earnings and year-end 2005 conference call. I would like to inform all participants that you will be on listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Also today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah, Director of Investor Relations for AIG. Thank you, ma'am. You may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today to discuss AIG's fourth-quarter and year 2005 earnings report. Before we begin I would like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management, operations, products and services and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. Please refer to AIG's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, filed yesterday with the Securities and Exchange Commission and AIG's past and future filings with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates and the
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9917 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the AIG first-quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have objections, you may disconnect at this time.Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, DIRECTOR-IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today to discuss AIG's first-quarter 2006 earnings report. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management's operations, products, and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements.Please refer to AIG's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2006, filed yesterday with the SEC, and AIG's past and future filings with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates and the factors that may affect its business.&nbsp;AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements, whether as a result of new information, future
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9885 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have the objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP, DIRECTOR IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to AIG's second-quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, please note that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans, and objectives relating to management's operations, products, and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. Please refer to AIG's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2006, filed yesterday with the SEC, and AIG's past and future filings with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates and the factors that may affect its business.AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.&nbsp;The information provided today may
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9500 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you all for patiently holding. I would like to remind all parties that your lines are on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer segment of today's conference call. Also today's call is being recorded. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to AIG's third-quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin please note that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management operations, products and services and assumptions underlying these projections and statements.Please refer to AIG's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2006 filed yesterday with the Securities and Exchange Commission and AIG's past and future filings with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates and the factors that may affect its business. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 8819 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to today's AIG conference call. All parties will be in a listen-only mode for the duration of the call until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is also being recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to Miss Charlene Hamrah, Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Hamrah. You may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP & DIR IR, AIG: Thank you very much. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us this morning to discuss our second-quarter earnings report. Before we begin, I would just like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain forward-looking statements. Please refer to the AIG annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, the AIG quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and AIG's past and future filings and reports filed with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates and (technical difficulty) that may affect its business.&nbsp;AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may include certain non-GAAP
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9746 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz Werner American International Group Inc. - IR * Bob Benmosche American International Group Inc. - President & CEO * Rob Schimek American International Group Inc. - CFO, Chartis * David Herzog American International Group Inc. - EVP & CFO * Bill Dooley American International Group Inc. - EVP, Investments & Financial Services * Jay Wintrob American International Group Inc. - EVP, SunAmerica Financial Group * Peter Hancock American International Group Inc. - EVP, Finance, Risk, and InvestmentsConference Call Participants* Andrew Kligerman UBS - Analyst * Dan Johnson Citadel Investments - Analyst * Paul Newsome Sandler O'Neill - Analyst * Scott Frost BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Eric Berg RBC Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to American International Group's first-quarter financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded.Now I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.LIZ WERNER, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Before we get started today I would like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9149 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz Werner American International Group Inc - IR * Robert Benmosche American International Group Inc - President, CEO * David Herzog American International Group Inc - CFO and EVP * Bill Dooley American International Group Inc - Executive VP * Jay Wintrob SunAmerica Financial Group - Executive VP * Peter Hancock Chartis - CEO * Rob Schimek American International Group Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Josh Shanker Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Donna Halverstadt Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jay Cohen BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Ed Spehar BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mike Nannizzi Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jimmy Bhular JPMorgan - Analyst * Andrew Kligerman UBS - Analyst * Tom Gallagher Credit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the American International Group Second Quarter financial results Conference Call. This call is being recorded.Now I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.LIZ WERNER, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC: Thank you and good morning everyone.Before we get started I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based on managements current expectations and are subject to
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9601 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz WernerAmerican International Group Inc - IR* Bob BenmoscheAmerican International Group Inc - President & CEO* David HerzogAmerican International Group Inc - EVP & CFO* Peter HancockAmerican International Group Inc - CEO - Chartis* Jay WintrobAmerican International Group Inc - President & CEO, SunAmerica Financial Group* Bill DooleyAmerican International Group Inc - EVP, Investments & Financial Services and CEO, Asset Management&nbsp;* John DoyleAmerican International Group Inc - CEO - Global CommercialConference Call Participants* Andy DinnhauptFranlkin Mutual - Analyst* Andrew KligermanUBS - Analyst* Keith WalshCitigroup - Analyst* Michael NannizziGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Josh ShankerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Josh StirlingSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Tom GallagherCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to today's American International Group's first quarter financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.LIZ WERNER, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC: Thank you. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on Management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9064 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, good afternoon and good evening to everyone and thank you for standing by. At this time I would like to inform all participants that you'll be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Thank you ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Before we begin I would like to remind you of a couple of things. First of all the remarks made today may contain forward-looking statements. Please refer to the AIG quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2005 and AIG's past and future filings with and reports to the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates for the important factors that may affect its business. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.&nbsp;In addition, the
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 10685 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz Werner American International Group, Inc. - IR * Bob Benmosche American International Group, Inc. - President & CEO * David Herzog American International Group, Inc. - EVP & CFO * Kristian Moor American International Group, Inc. - EVP, Domestic General Insurance * Rob Schimek Chartis - CFO * Jay Wintrob American International Group, Inc. - EVP, Domestic Life & Retirement Services * Bill Dooley American International Group, Inc. - EVP, Financial ServicesConference Call Participants* Donna Halverstadt Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Dan Johnson Citadel Investments - Analyst * Ed Spehar BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Andrew Kligerman UBS - Analyst * Tom Gallagher Credit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the AIG fourth-quarter 2010 financial results conference call.At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn our conference over to our host, Ms. Liz Werner. Please go ahead.LIZ WERNER, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining us this
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 8872 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz WernerAmerican International Group, Inc. - VP IR* Bob BenmoscheAmerican International Group, Inc. - President & CEO* David HerzogAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP, CFO* Peter HancockAmerican International Group, Inc. - CEO - AIG Property Casualty* Jay WintrobAmerican International Group, Inc. - President & CEO - AIG Life and Retirement* Brian SchreiberAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP & Treasurer&nbsp;* Charlie ShamiehAmerican International Group, Inc. - SVP & Corporate Chief Actuary* John DoyleAmerican International Group, Inc. - CEO - AIG Property Casualty Global Commercial* Bill DooleyAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP - Investments & Financial ServicesConference Call Participants* Mike NannizziGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Josh StirlingSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Randy BinnerFBR Capital Markets - Analyst* Josh ShankerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jay CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jimmy BhullarJPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to American International Group's fourth-quarter financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.LIZ WERNER, VP IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Welcome to AIG's discussion of their fourth-quarter 2012 results. Speaking today will
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 11726 wordsCorporate Participants* Charlene Hamrah American Int'l Group, Inc. - VP, Dir. of IR * Bob Willumstad American Int'l Group, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Steve Bensinger American Int'l Group, Inc. - CFO, EVP * Chris Swift American Int'l Group, Inc. - VP, CFO Life & Retirement * Billy Nutt AIG United Guaranty Corp. - President, CEO * Kevin McGinn American Int'l Group, Inc. - CCO * Elias Habayeb AIG Financial Services Division - SVP, CFO * Richard Scott American Int'l Group, Inc. - SVP Investments * Alan Lund American Int'l Group, Inc. - Vice Chair, CFO * Andy Forster AIG Financial Products - EVP, Asset Trading & Credit Products * David Herzog American Int'l Group, Inc. - CAO * Frank Douglas American Int'l Group, Inc. - SVP, Casualty Actuary * Jay Wintrob American Int'l Group, Inc. - EVP of Retirement ServicesConference Call Participants* Jimmy Bhullar JPMorgan - Analyst * Dan Johnson Citadel Investments - Analyst * Josh Shanker Citi - Analyst * Andrew Kligerman UBS - Analyst * Andy Dunn RBC - Analyst * Tom Cholnoky Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tom Gallagher Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jay Gelb Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Alain Karaoglan Banc
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 11511 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would also like to remind parties this call is being recorded; if you have any objections please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Thank you, ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP, DIR. OF IR, AMERICAN INT'L GROUP, INC.: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for AIG's second-quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin I would just like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management, operations, products and services and assumptions underlying these projections and statements.&nbsp;It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections and statements. Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in the specific projections and statements are discussed in Item 1a, Risk Factors of AIG's annual report on Form 10-K for the year
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9055 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz WernerAmerican International Group Inc - IR* Robert BenmoscheAmerican International Group Inc - President, CEO* David HerzogAmerican International Group Inc - CFO and EVP* Jay WintrobAmerican International Group - President, CEO - SunAmerica* Peter HancockAmerican International Group - CEO - Chartis* Brian SchreiberAmerican International Group - EVP - Treasury & Capital Markets* John DoyleAmerican International Group - CEO - Global Commercial Insurance - ChartisConference Call Participants* Jay CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Edward SpeharBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jimmy BhullarJPMorgan - Analyst* Tom GallagherCredit Suisse - Analyst* Josh ShankerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Michael NannizziGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to American International Group's third quarter financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.LIZ WERNER, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on Management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 10368 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz WernerAmerican International Group, Inc. - IR* Bob BenmoscheAmerican International Group, Inc. - President, CEO* David HerzogAmerican International Group, Inc. - CFO, EVP* Peter HancockAmerican International Group, Inc. - CEO, Chartis* Jay WintrobAmerican International Group, Inc. - President, CEO SunAmerica Financial Group* Rob SchimekAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP, CFO Chartis* Brian SchreiberAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP, Treasury & Capital Markets* John DoyleAmerican International Group, Inc. - CEO, Global Commercial Insurance Business, ChartisConference Call Participants* Josh ShenkerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Michael NannizziGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ed SpeharBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jay CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Andrew KligermanUBS - Analyst* Dan JohnsonCitadel Securities LLC - Analyst* Josh StirlingSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Greg LocraftMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the American International Group's fourth quarter financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.LIZ WERNER, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you and good morning everyone. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9291 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz WernerAmerican International Group, Inc. - IR* Bob BenmoscheAmerican International Group, Inc. - President, CEO* David HerzogAmerican International Group, Inc. - CFO and EVP* Peter HancockAmerican International Group, Inc. - CEO Chartis* Jay WintrobAmerican International Group, Inc. - CEO SunAmerica Financial Group* Brian SchreiberAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP Treasury and Capital Markets* Jeff Hayman&nbsp;American International Group, Inc. - CEO Chartis Global Consumer insurance* James BrackenAmerican International Group, Inc. - CFO Chartis* Bill DooleyAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP Investments and Financial ServicesConference Call Participants* Josh StirlingSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Jay CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Adam KlauberWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Josh ShankerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Michael NannizziGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Mark FinkelsteinEvercore Partners - Analyst* Thomas GallagherCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to this American International Group second quarter financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.LIZ WERNER, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Good morning and thank you. Welcome to AIG's discussion of our second quarter 2012 results. Speaking today will be Bob Benmosche, President and
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9570 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz WernerAmerican International Group Inc - IR* Bob BenmoscheAmerican International Group Inc - President and CEO* David HerzogAmerican International Group Inc - CFO and EVP* Peter HancockAmerican International Group Inc - CEO - AIG Property Casualty* Jay WintrobAmerican International Group Inc - CEO - AIG Life & Retirement* Brian SchreiberAmerican International Group Inc - EVP and Treasurer&nbsp;* John DoyleAmerican International Group Inc - CEO - Global Commercial Insurance - Chartis* Jeff HaymanAmerican International Group Inc - CEO - Global Consumer Insurance - Chartis* Charlie ShamiehAmerican International Group Inc - SVP - Corporate Chief Actuary* James BrackenAmerican International Group Inc - CFO - ChartisConference Call Participants* Josh StirlingSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Josh ShankerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Michael NannizziGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Brian MeredithUBS - Analyst* Lee CoopermanOmega Advisors - Analyst* Adam KlauberWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Mark FinkelsteinEvercore Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the American International Group's third-quarter financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.LIZ WERNER, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC: Good morning, and thank you everyone
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 8320 wordsConference Call Participants* Teddy Reynolds Apollo - Analyst * James Croom Regiment Capital - Analyst * Jordan Caramo Brigade Capital Management - Analyst * Rod Landis CypressTree Investment Management - Analyst * Steve Hasnain AIG Investments - Analyst * Joseph Showa Nomura - Analyst * Ed Lieberman UBS - Analyst * Stephen Carbone GE Commercial Finance - Analyst * Ray Kubiro Banc of America - Analyst * Brian Lee [Sykes Advisors] - Analyst * Elliott Prewit Archer Capital - AnalystPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our (inaudible) call today to discuss the fiscal year 2007 and Q1 2008 actual results as well as our expectations for fiscal year 2008 in the private session.&nbsp;The call will be divided into a public and private session with separate Q&A for each. This is a voluntary call and it is consistent with our commitment to give you good information on the business on a regular basis. The Company is not asking for any amendment or similar request. The public section highlights on actual results to December 31, 2007, are presented on page 4.Prior to getting into the details, this is really the key takeaway from
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 20965 wordsCorporate Participants* Charlene Hamrah American International Group - VP, IR * Martin Sullivan American International Group - President & CEO * Steven Bensinger American International Group - EVP & CFO * Win Neuger American International Group - EVP & CIO * Bob Lewis American International Group - SVP * Edmund Tse American International Group - Chairman, American International Assurance Co. * Kris Moor American International Group - EVP, Domestic General Insurance * Nick Walsh American International Group - EVP, Foreign General Insurance * Bob Clyde American International Group - President & CEO of AIG, Japan * Rick Geissinger American International Group - Domestic Consumer Finance * John Doyle American International Group - Executive Liability Business * Bill Nutt American International Group - President & CEO, AIG United Guaranty * Len Sweeney American International Group - CRO * Kevin McGinn American International Group - CCO * Joe Cassano American International Group - CEO, AIGFP * Frank Douglas American International Group - SVP & Casualty Actuary * Bob Sandler American International Group - Senior Claims Officer * Andrew Foster American International GroupConference Call Participants* Jimmy Bhullar JPMorgan - Analyst * Ron Bobman Capital Returns - Analyst * Andrew Kligerman UBS
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 20685 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the meeting over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you very much. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management, operations, products and services and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections and statements.Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in the specific projections and statements are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of AIG's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 13547 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are on listen-only. After the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)And I'd also like to turn the call over to your conference host this morning to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. You may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP AND DIRECTOR OF IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us this morning to discuss AIG's first quarter 2008 earnings report.Before we begin I would like to remind you again that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans, and objectives relating to management, operations, products and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections and statements.&nbsp;Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in the specific projections and statements are discussed in item 1A, Risk Factors, of AIG's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 as well as in the Outlook section of management's
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 13846 wordsCorporate Participants* Martin Sullivan American International Group, Inc. - President, CEO * Steve Bensinger American International Group, Inc. - Vice Chairman Financial Services * Charlene Hamrah American International Group, Inc. - VP and Director of IR * Andy Foster American International Group, Inc. - EVP Head of AIGFP Credit Trading * Frank Douglas American International Group, Inc. - SVP Casualty Actuary * Edmund Tse American International Group, Inc. - Senior Vice Chairman Life Insurance * Chris Swift American International Group, Inc. - VP, CFO Life & RS * Kevin Kelly American International Group, Inc. - EVP AIG Property Casualty Group, President Domestic Personal Line * Win Neuger American International Group, Inc. - CIO, EVP * David Herzog American International Group, Inc. - Controller * Rob Schimek American International Group, Inc. - SVP Domestic General Insurance * Bill Dooley American International Group, Inc. - SVP Financial Services * Billy Nutt American International Group, Inc. - President, CEO UGC * Kris Moor American International Group, Inc. - EVP Domestic General Insurance, President, CEO AIG Property Casualty Group * Unidentified Company Representative American International Group, Inc.Conference Call Participants&nbsp;* Nigel Dally Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jimmy Bhullar JPMorgan Chase - Analyst
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9311 wordsCorporate Participants* Liz WernerAmerican International Group, Inc. - VP of IR* Bob BenmoscheAmerican International Group, Inc. - President & CEO* David HerzogAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP & CFO* Peter HancockAmerican International Group, Inc. - CEO, Property Casualty* Jay WintrobAmerican International Group, Inc. - President & CEO, Life and Retirement* Bill DooleyAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP, Investments&nbsp;* John DoyleAmerican International Group, Inc. - CEO, Global Commercial Insurance, Property Casualty* Mary Jane FortinAmerican International Group, Inc. - CFO, Life and Retirement* Brian SchreiberAmerican International Group, Inc. - EVP & Deputy Chief Investment OfficerConference Call Participants* Michael NannizziGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Josh StirlingSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Adam KlauberWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Greg LocraftMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Joshua ShankerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jay CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to this American International Group third-quarter financial results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded and now at this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Liz Werner, Head of Investor Relations.LIZ WERNER, VP OF IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to AIG's discussion of third-quarter 2013 results. Speaking today will be Bob
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 9433 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. I would like to inform all parties that your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of today's conference. This call is being recorded. If you should have any objection, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Miss Charlene Hamrah, Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you. And good morning, everyone. Before we begin this morning's conference call, I would like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements and future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management, operations, products, and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. Please refer to AIG's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, filed yesterday with the SEC, and AIG's past and future filings with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates and the factors that may affect its business. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 10581 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to AIG's first-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would just like to remind you that the remarks make today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management, operations, products and services and assumptions underlying these projections and statements.Please refer to AIG's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2007 filed yesterday with the Securities and Exchange Commission and AIG's past and future filings with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates and the factors that may affect its business.&nbsp;AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information,
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 14961 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn today's conference over to Charlene Hamrah, Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP, DIRECTOR IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us this morning for our second-quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, I would like to point out that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans, and objectives relating to management's operations, products, and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. Please refer to AIG's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2007, filed yesterday with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and AIG's past and future filings with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates and the factors that may affect its business.AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements, whether as a result
American International Group, Inc.	LENGTH: 12873 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. All participants will be on listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would also like to remind participants that the conference is being recorded; if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn it over to your first speaker, Ms. Charlene Hamrah, Director of IR. Ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP, DIR. OF IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Good morning and welcome to AIG's third-quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin I would like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management's operations, products and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements.Please refer to AIG's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2007 which was filed yesterday with the Securities and Exchange Commission as well as AIG's past and future filings with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which AIG operates and the factors that may affect its business.&nbsp;AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 7044 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Susanna, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amgen's Second Quarter Financial Results for 2004 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question and answer session at the conclusion of the speakers' remarks. You will be allowed to ask one question. In order to ask a question, please press &quot;star&quot; then the number &quot;one&quot; on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press &quot;star&quot; then the number &quot;two&quot; on your telephone keypad. Thank you.Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to introduce Laura Biswas, Associate Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Biswas, you may now begin.LAURA BISWAS, ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS., AMGEN INC: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Amgen's second-quarter 2004 conference call. I'm Laura Biswas, Associate Director of Investor Relations. Before we start, I'd like to make some cautionary statements. When we estimate revenues, operating margins, capital expenditures, cash and other financial metrics and discuss expected legal, arbitration, political, regulatory or clinical results, such estimates and results are forward-looking statements and of course, no assurance can
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 9261 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind Sood Amgen - VP IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen - Chairman, CEO * Robert Bradway Amgen - EVP, CFO * George Morrow Amgen - EVP, Global Commerical Operations * Roger Perlmutter Amgen - EVP R&DConference Call Participants* Chris Raymond Robert W Baird - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Co - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * David Risinger Banc of America - Analyst * Steven Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Shiv Kapoor Morgan Joseph - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's fourth quarter, full year 2008 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 9812 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind Sood Amgen - VP IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen - CEO * Bob Bradway Amgen - EVP, CFO * George Morrow Amgen - EVP - Global Commercial Operations * Roger Perlmutter Amgen - EVP R&DConference Call Participants* Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W Baird - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Co - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steven Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bret Holley Oppenheimer - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Shiv Kapoor Morgan Joseph - Analyst * Josh Sonnier FTN - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon. I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's first quarter 2009 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8076 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind SoodAmgen Inc. - VP of IR* Bob BradwayAmgen Inc. - Chairman and CEO* Jonathan PeacockAmgen Inc. - CFO* Tony HooperAmgen Inc. - Head of Commercial Operations* Sean HarperAmgen Inc. - Head of R&D* Jon PeacockAmgen Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Matthew RodenUBS - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Geoff PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Eun YangJefferies & Company - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Marvin and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's second-quarter 2013 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speakers' prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 9062 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amgen first-quarter financial results 2006 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).Thank you. Mr. Sood, you may begin your conference.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC.: Thanks very much. Good afternoon, everybody, and I would like to welcome you to our first-quarter 2006 conference call. With me today are Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO, who is going to lead off the call, followed by our CFO, Richard Nanula, who is going to give you additional details on our financial performance during the first quarter. Also with us today is George Morrow, our Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations. And George will make some comments on the overall market and the current issues facing the commercial organization. After George, Roger Perlmutter, who is our Executive Vice President of Research and Development, will provide a pipeline update.&nbsp;Before I start, I would like to make the customary cautionary statements. Through the course of the call today, we are going to make some forward-looking statements. And of course, we cannot
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 11583 wordsOPERATOR: My name is Gerald, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's second quarter financial results conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Gerald. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second quarter business results conference call. I hope you've had a chance to download the slides that we will use for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website and they were also sent separately by e-mail. We have decide to do use slides as part of our efforts to continue to improve our communications with the investment community.So in terms of our speakers today, Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO will start the call with an overview of our second quarter performance; followed by our Chief Financial Officer, Richard Nanula, who will discuss our second quarter performance in detail and then provide an outlook for the remainder of this year. George Morrow, who is our EVP of Commercial Operations will then provide a commercial update; followed by Roger Perlmutter, who is our EVP of
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 10803 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Derek and I'll be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Amgen third quarter financial results 2006 conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Arvind Sood, V.P. of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may begin your conference.ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN: Okay, thanks very much. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our third quarter results conference call. I hope you have had a chance to access the slides that we intend to use today for our presentation from our Web site. Since the last conference call, we have received many favorable comments on using the slide format, so we'll continue to provide these as a way of improving our communications efforts with the investment community.In terms of our presentations today, Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO will lead off with an overview of our quarterly and year-to-date accomplishments followed by our Chief Financial Officer, Richard Nanula, who will discuss our third quarter performance in detail and provide an outlook for the remainder of the year. George Morrow, who's our EVP of Commercial Operations
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 10747 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Brian and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's second quarter financial results conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN: Okay, Brian, thank you for the introduction. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Let me be the first to welcome you to our -- Brian? We're getting some interference there. Okay. Let's continue.Let me be the first to welcome you to our second quarter 2005 conference call. Our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer will lead off the call this afternoon followed by our CFO Richard Nanula, who will give you additional details on our financial performance during the second quarter. I have also asked George Morrow, who is our EVP of Global Commercial Operations to give some comments on the overall market and the current reimbursement environment. After George, our EVP of Research and Development, Roger Perlmutter, will
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 9447 wordsOPERATOR: My name is Chrystal and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's third quarter financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speakers' prepared remarks. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood you may begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP-IR, AMGEN: Okay, thank you, Chrystal. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to be the first to welcome you to our third quarter 2005 conference call. Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO, will lead off the call followed by our Chief Financial Officer, Richard Nanula, who will give you additional details on our financial performance during the third quarter. I've also asked George Morrow who is our EVP of Global Commercial Operations to make some comments on the overall market and the current reimbursement environment. After George, Roger Perlmutter, our EVP of Research & Development, will provide a pipeline update. Before I start I would like to make the requisite cautionary statement. During our discussion today we will make certain forward-looking statements and, of course, actual results could vary
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 7323 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind Sood Amgen - VP, IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen - Chairman, CEO * John Peacock Amgen - CFO * Bob Bradway Amgen - President & COO * Roger Perlmutter Amgen - EVP, R&D * Jim Daly Amgen - SVP * George Morrow Amgen - EVPConference Call Participants* Steve Yoo Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Maged Shenouda Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Gene Mack Soleil Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Christian and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's third quarter 2010 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 7712 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Paul, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Amgen's third quarter financial results 2004 conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to introduce Mr. Arvind Sood, Amgen's Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, AMGEN INC.: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Let me be the first to welcome you to our Q3 result conference call this afternoon. As Paul had mentioned, my name is Arvind Sood, and I've recently joined Amgen as the Vice President of Investor Relations. I've already had a chance to with meet with many of you and actually I'm very much looking forward to working with you.With me today are Kevin Sharer, who is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. We also have Richard Nanula, who is our Executive Vice President and CFO. And George Morrow, who is our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations. Just by the way of format, Kevin is going to make a few comments on our overall business matters, followed by Richard, who is
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8392 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Paul and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's first quarter financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speakers' prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. To ask a question, please press star, then one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, press star and then the number two. With that, I will now like to introduce Mr. Arvin Suit (sp), Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Suit you may now begin, sir.&nbsp;ARVIN SUIT, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, AMGEN: Thank you, Paul. Good afternoon, everybody. Let me be the first to welcome you to our first quarter conference call. With me today are Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO. We also have Richard Nanula who is our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. I've also asked Roger Perlmutter and -- who is our EVP of Research and Development and George Morrow who is our
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8839 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind SoodAmgen Inc - VP, IR* Kevin SharerAmgen Inc - Chairman, CEO* Bob BradwayAmgen Inc - President, COO* Jon PeacockAmgen Inc - CFO* Tony HooperAmgen Inc. - EVP, Global Commercial Operations* Sean HarperAmgen Inc - EVP, Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Sapna SrivastavaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Eun YangJefferies & Company - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* John SonnierWilliam Blair & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Marvin, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's first-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question and answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q and A session. (Operator Instructions)
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8923 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind SoodAmgen Inc - VP, IR* Bob BradwayAmgen Inc. - CEO* Jon PeacockAmgen Inc - CFO* Tony HooperAmgen Inc. - EVP - Global Commercial Operations* Sean HarperAmgen Inc - EVP, Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Yaron Werber&nbsp;Citigroup - Analyst* Robby RutschowCredit Suisse - Analyst* Eun YangJefferies & Company - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Geoff PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst* Boris PeakerOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Marvin and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's second-quarter 2012 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President
Amgen Inc	FinalCorporate Participants* Arvind Sood Amgen - VP of IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen - Chairman, CEO & President * Bob Bradway Amgen - EVP & CFO * George Morrow Amgen - EVP, Global Operations * Roger Perlmutter Amgen - EVP Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Chris Raymond Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Company - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BAS-ML - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies & Company - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's fourth quarter and full year 2009 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8298 wordsCorporate Participants* Bob Bradway Amgen Inc. - EVP, CFO * Arvind Sood Amgen Inc. - VP IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen Inc. - Chairman, CEO, President * George Morrow Amgen Inc. - EVP, Global Commercial Operations * Roger Perlmutter Amgen Inc. - EVP R&DConference Call Participants* Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Steven Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies & Co - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Shiv Kapoor Morgan Joseph - Analyst * Aaron Reames Wells Fargo Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Christian and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's first quarter 2010 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 9336 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind Sood Amgen - IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen - President & CEO * Michael Kelly Amgen - acting CFO * Robert Bradway Amgen - President & COO * James Daly Amgen - SVP * Roger Perlmutter Amgen - Head of R&DConference Call Participants* Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Company - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Josh Schwimmer Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's second quarter 2010 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8808 wordsCorporate Participants* Jon Peacock Amgen Inc. - CFO * Kevin Sharer Amgen Inc. - Chairman of the Board, CEO * Roger Perlmutter Amgen Inc. - EVP, Research and Development * Jim Daly Amgen - SVP- North American Commercial Operations * Bob Bradway Amgen - President, COO * Arvind Sood Amgen Inc. - VP, IRConference Call Participants* Christopher Raymond Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Matt Roden UBS - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Ravi Mehrotra Credit Suisse - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Maged Shenouda Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Sapna Strivastava Goldman Sachs - Analyst *
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 5400 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind Sood Amgen Inc. - VP IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Jon Peacock Amgen Inc. - CFO * Bob Bradway Amgen Inc. - President, COO * Roger Perlmutter Amgen Inc. - EVP, Research and DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Matt Roden UBS - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citi - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Rachel McMinn Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Bernstein - Analyst * John Newman Citadel Securities - Analyst * Ravi Mehrotra Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Christian, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's first-quarter 2011 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks.&nbsp;In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8005 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind SoodAmgen Inc - VP, IR* Bob BradwayAmgen Inc - Chairman & CEO* Jon PeacockAmgen Inc - CFO* Tony HooperAmgen Inc - Head of Global Commercial Operations* Sean HarperAmgen Inc - EVP, Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Robbie NeurotraCredit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Eun YangJefferies & Company - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Josh SchimmerLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Terance FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst* Tommy ButlerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Marvin and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's fourth quarter and full year 2012 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 7172 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind SoodAmgen Inc - VP, IR* Bob BradwayAmgen Inc. - President & CEO* Jonathan PeacockAmgen Inc. - CFO* Tony HooperAmgen Inc. - EVP - Global Commercial Operations* Sean HarperAmgen Inc. - EVP - Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Joshua SchimmerLazard Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Eun YangJefferies & Company - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Geoffrey MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Roger KumarGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Christopher RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Marvin, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's first-quarter 2013 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 9108 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind Sood Amgen Inc. - VP of IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen Inc. - CEO, President & Chairman * Bob Bradway Amgen Inc. - EVP & CFO * George Morrow Amgen Inc. - EVP of Worldwide Sales & Marketing, EVP of Global Commercial Operations * Roger Perlmutter Amgen Inc. - EVP of Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Jim Birchenough Lehman Brothers - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Shiv Kapoor Morgan Joseph & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Alex To Natixis Securities (Natixis Bleichroeder) - Analyst * Adam Walsh Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Andrew Barons Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Bill Tanner Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: My name is Dennis, and I
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8919 wordsOPERATOR: My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's second quarter 2008 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP OF IR, AMGEN INC.: Thank you, Dennis, and good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second quarter results conference call. A lot happened during the second quarter, with perhaps the most notable event being the availability of important new data on denosumab. Our Chairman and CEO Kevin Sharer will lead off the discussion today with both a strategic and operational review of our business. Our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Bradway, will then provide some additional details on our performance in the second quarter, with a particular focus on how the trends observed through the
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8463 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind Sood Amgen - VP, IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen - Chairman, CEO * Bob Bradway Amgen - EVP, CFO * George Morrow Amgen - EVP, Global Commercial Operations * Roger Perlmutter Amgen - EVP, R&DConference Call Participants* Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bret Holley Oppenheimer - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Shiv Kapoor Morgan Joseph - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W. Baird - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's third quarter 2008 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speakers prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate,
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 11143 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind Sood Amgen - VP IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen - Chairman, CEO, President * Bob Bradway Amgen - EVP, CFO * George Morrow Amgen - EVP - Global Commercial Operations * Roger Perlmutter Amgen - EVP, R&DConference Call Participants* Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Bret Holley Oppenheimer & Co - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W Baird - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Co - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies & Co - Analyst * Aaron Reames Wells Fargo - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Mike King Merriman, Curhan, Ford - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: I will be your conference facilitator for Amgen's second quarter 2009 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8173 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvin Sood Amgen - VP IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen - Chairman, CEO * Bob Bradway Amgen - CFO * George Morrow Amgen - EVP, Global Commercial Operations * Roger Perlmutter Amgen - EVP, Research and DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bret Holley Oppenheimer - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital - Analyst * Rachel McMinn Banc of America - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Joshua Schimmer Leerink Swann - Analyst * Shiv Kapoor Morgan Joseph - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's third quarter 2009 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer at the
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 7711 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind SoodAmgen Inc. - VP, IR* Kevin SharerAmgen Inc. - Chairman of the Board, CEO and President* Jonathan PeacockAmgen Inc. - CFO* Bob BradwayAmgen Inc. - President, COO* Roger PerlmutterAmgen Inc. - EVP, Research and DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Christopher RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Geoffrey MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Eun YangJefferies & Company - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Josh SchimmerLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Joel SendekLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Robin KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Sapna SrivastavaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Dennis, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 6912 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind SoodAmgen Inc. - VP, IR* Kevin SharerAmgen Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Jon PeacockAmgen Inc. - CFO* Bob BradwayAmgen Inc. - President, COO* Roger PerlmutterAmgen Inc. - EVP, Research and DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Maged ShenoudaStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Josh SchimmerLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Eun YangJefferies & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Marvin and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's third-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question and answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC.: Thank
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 9428 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind SoodAmgen Inc - VP, IR* Kevin SharerAmgen Inc - Chairman, CEO* Robert BradwayAmgen Inc - President, COO* Jon PeacockAmgen Inc - CFO* Tony HooperAmgen Inc - EVP Global Commercial Operations* Roger PerlmutterAmgen Inc - EVP, Research and Development* Jonathan PeacockAmgen Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBarclays Capital - Analyst* Josh SchimmerLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Eun YangJefferies & Company - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Sapna SrivastavaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* John SonnierWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Marvin, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's fourth-quarter and full-year 2011 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question and answer session at the conclusion of the
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 7638 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind SoodAmgen Inc - VP, IR* Bob BradwayAmgen Inc - President, CEO* Jon PeacockAmgen Inc - CFO* Tony HooperAmgen Inc - Head of Global Commercial Operations* Sean HarperAmgen Inc - EVP, Research & Development* John PeacockAmgen Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;* Geoff PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Boris PeakerOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Eun YangJefferies & Company - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Josh SchimmerLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Lee KalowskiCredit Suisse - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann LLC - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Marvin, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's Third-Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 9193 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Melanie, and I will be your conference facilitator for today's Amgen fourth quarter full year 2007 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question and answer session at the conclusion of the last speakers prepared remarks. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may beginARVIND SOOD, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, AMGEN INC.: Okay, Melanie. Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our conference call this afternoon.&nbsp;We are a lot of ground to cover during this call include ago review of our financial results during the fourth quarter and full year 2007 as well as our best judgment of business trends and risks to our business in 2008. Our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer will off with a strategic overview of our business followed by Bob Bradway, our Chief Financial Officer. Bob will provide some additional details on our performance in 2007 as well as our projected growth outlook in 2008. George Morrow who as as you know our Head of
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 11118 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, we greatly appreciate your patience. My name is Shanelle, and I will be your conference facilitator for today's Amgen first quarter 2008 financial results conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP-IR, AMGEN: Good afternoon, everybody. First of all, let me start out on behalf of our entire management team here with a profound apology. Apparently British Telecom had a problem with one of their bridges at the last minute and we lost everybody. So thank you very much for your patience. We really appreciate your interest. I'm just going to go ahead and turn the call over to Kevin right away, and before we get started, I would just like to remind you that through the course of our presentation today, we are going to make certain forward-looking statements, and of course actual results can vary materially. So with that, let me go ahead and turn the call over to Kevin.&nbsp;KEVIN SHARER, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMGEN: Thanks, Arvind. Thanks, everybody, for your patience. This, I think, is my 63rd quarterly call and this is a first.
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 11246 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind Sood Amgen - VP-IR * Kevin Sharer Amgen - President & CEO * Robert Bradway Amgen - CFO & EVP * George Morrow Amgen - EVP of Global Commercial Operations * Roger Perlmutter, M.D., Ph.D. Amgen - EVP of R&DConference Call Participants* Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham J.P. Morgan - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Unidentified Participant CitiGroup - Analyst * James Reddoch FBR - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Unidentified Participant - Analyst * Mike King Rodman & Renshaw - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Company - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Bear Stearns - Analyst * Unidentified Participant - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, we greatly appreciate your patience. My name is Shanelle, and I will be your conference facilitator for today's Amgen first quarter 2008 financial results conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP-IR, AMGEN: Good afternoon, everybody. First of all, let me start out on behalf
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8234 wordsCorporate Participants* Arvind SoodAmgen Inc - VP, IR* Bob BradwayAmgen Inc - Chairman, CEO* John PeacockAmgen Inc - CFO* Tony HooperAmgen Inc - Head of Commercial Operations* Sean HarperAmgen Inc - Head of R&DConference Call Participants* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst&nbsp;* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Eun YangJefferies & Company - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann - Analyst* Gene MackBrean Capital, LLC - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Marvin and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's third-quarter 2013 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure everyone has a chance to participate we would like to request
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 11990 wordsOPERATOR: My name is Chris, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's Fourth Quarter and full-year financial results conference call.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]I would now like to introduce, Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations.Mr. Sood, you may begin your conference, sir.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Chris. Good afternoon, everybody.I'd like to welcome you to our conference call. We have several topics that we'll discuss with you today, and given the breadth of these topics, the duration of the call may exceed our customary one hour.&nbsp;Our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer will lead off with a recap of 2006 and lay out our strategic objectives for 2007. Roger Perlmutter who is our head of R&D will then provide a pipeline update. Following Roger will be Richard Nanula, our Chief Financial Officer. Richard will discuss our business results for Q4 and full-year 2006 followed by George Morrow, who is our Head of Global Commercial Operations. George will review our product performance in '06 as well as the outlook for these products in 2007. Richard will then come back and provide our overall growth outlook for 2007 after which we'll be happy to take your questions.As we
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 13356 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is it Lamont, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's first quarter 2007 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question and answer session at the conclusion of the last speakers prepared remarks. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, AMGEN, INC.: Okay. Thank you, Lamont. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our Q1 results conference call. We have several topics to discuss with you today, and given the breadth of these topics, the duration of the call may exceed our customary one hour.&nbsp;Our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, is going to lead off with a recap of Q1, and then talk about our outlook for 2007. Following Kevin, our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Bradway will then discuss our business results for Q1, followed by George Morrow, who is our head of Global Commercial Operations. George is going to review our product performance in Q1. Following George will be Roger Perlmutter, our head of R&D.
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 9553 wordsOPERATOR: My name is Arona, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's second quarter 2007 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question and answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to introduce Mr. Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin your conference.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, AMGEN: Okay, everyone, and thanks very much. My apologies for the delayed started here. Good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to welcome you to our second quarter results conference call. We have several topics to discuss with you today including some new data on Denosumab. Our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, is going to lead off with a brief discussion of both the challenges that we face currently and the steps that we are taking to create a strong and promising future. Bob Bradway, who's our Chief Financial Officer, will then discuss
Amgen Inc	LENGTH: 8006 wordsOPERATOR: My name is May, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's third quarter 2007 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question and answer session at the conclusion of the prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I will now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN: Thank you, May. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our third quarter results conference call. We have several topics to discuss with you today including news of submitting a new product for registration.&nbsp;Our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, will lead off with a brief discussion of issues facing our industry and how we at Amgen are adapting to these challenges. Bob Bradway, our Chief Financial Officer, will then discuss our financial results for Q3 followed by George Morrow, who is our head of commercial operations. George will discuss our product performance both
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8301 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel Hajj America Movil - CEO * Carlos Garcia Moreno America Movil - CFOConference Call Participants* Mauricio Fernandes Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Vera Rossi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Rafael Burba Armada Capital - Analyst * Walter Piecyk Pali Capital - Analyst * Martin Lara Vector Casa de Bolsa - Analyst * James Rivett Citigroup - Analyst * Rizwan Ali Deutsche Bank - Analyst * James Ratzer New Street Research - Analyst * John Henderson Scotia Capital - Analyst * Stanley Martinez Legal and General Investments - Analyst * Henry Cobbe Nevsky Capital - Analyst * Ric Prentiss Raymond James - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Merrill Lynch America Movil Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mauricio Fernandes. Please go ahead, sir.MAURICIO FERNANDES, ANALYST, MERRILL LYNCH: Thank you. Good morning and good afternoon. I am Mauricio Fernandes, Merrill Lynch's Latin America telecom analyst. We are honored to once again host the America Movil Conference Call to discus its fourth quarter 2008 results, which came out
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7850 wordsCorporate Participants* Vera Rossi Host of Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Daniel Hajj America Movil S.A.B. de C.V. - CEO * Carlos Garcia Moreno Elizondo America Movil S.A.B. de C.V. - CFOConference Call Participants* Rick Prentiss Raymond James - Analyst * Rodrigo Villanueva Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Chris King Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * John Henderson Scotia Capital - Analyst * James Rivett Citi - Analyst * Walter Piecyk Pali Capital - Analyst * Andre Baggio JPMorgan - Analyst * James Ratzer New Street Research - Analyst * Damon Guirdham Generation Investment Management - Analyst * Rusty Johnson Harding Loevner - Analyst * Richard Dineen HSBC - Analyst * Will Millner Arete Research - Analyst * Jose Magana Pyramid - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the America Movil First Quarter 2009 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions to be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) And also as a reminder, this teleconference is being recorded.&nbsp;And at this time, we will turn the call over to your host,
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7015 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniela LecuonaAmerica Movil S.A.B. de C.V. - IR* Daniel HajjAmerica Movil S.A.B. de C.V. - CEO* Carlos Garcia MorenoAmerica Movil S.A.B. de C.V. - CFOConference Call Participants* Andrew CampbellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Mauricio FernandesBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Andres Medina Mora&nbsp;GBM Research - Analyst* Walter PiecyktBTIG - Analyst* Ric PrentissRaymond James - Analyst* Kevin SmithenMacquarie - Analyst* Michel MorinMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Will MillnerArete Research - Analyst* Fabio LevyBTG Pactual - Analyst* Ken BerlinLegal & General Investments - Analyst* Alejandra GallostraBBVA Latam Research - Analyst* Jonathan DanBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the America Movil second-quarter conference call and webcast. My name is Marie and I will be your operator for the day. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode and we will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now I would like to turn the call over to Daniela Lecuona, IR Officer. Please proceed, ma'am.DANIELA LECUONA, IR, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Good morning, everyone, thank you for joining us today. We have on the call Daniel Hajj, Chief
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7911 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your standing by and welcome to the America Movil conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Vera Rossi. Please go ahead.VERA ROSSI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Thank you. Good morning for those of you in the U.S. and Latin America and good afternoon for all of you in Europe. This is Vera Rossi and on behalf of Morgan Stanley, we are pleased to be hosting America Movil's fourth quarter '05 conference call.Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil; Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO; and also with us Paulina Amieva, head of investor relations. I will turn the speaker over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you, Daniel.&nbsp;DANIEL HAJJ ABOUMRAD, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Vera. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for holding this conference and Carlos Garcia Moreno is going to make a small summary of what we have in the fourth quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO ELIZONDO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Vera. Good morning, everyone. First I'd like to thank Morgan Stanley for hosting this conference call today. As some of you have already
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7741 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Nicole and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the America Movil Conference Call, First Quarter 2006.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS].Thank you. Mr. Campbell you may begin your conference.ANDREW CAMPBELL, LATIN AMERICA TELECOM & MEDIA ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON: Yes, thank you. This is Andy Campbell, I am the Latin America Telecom and Media Analyst for Credit Suisse and it is our pleasure to be hosting America Movil's First Quarter 2006 Conference Call. We have on the line with us today from Mexico City, Daniel Hajj, CEO, Carlos Garcia Moreno Elizondo, CFO and Paulina Amieva, Head of Investor Relations.&nbsp;At this point I would like to hand over to Daniel to get the call underway. Thanks Daniel.DANIEL HAJJ ABOUMRAD, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thanks Andy. Thanks for hosting the call and good morning everybody. As always, I am going to pass to Carlos, Carlos is going to make a short summary of the results of America Movil for this quarter.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO ELIZONDO, CFO,
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7397 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the America Movil second quarter 2006 earnings conference call. My name is Katie, and I'll be your coordinator for today.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]I would like to now turn your call over to Mauricio, Head of Latin American Telecom [inaudible]. Sir, you may proceed.MAURICIO FERNANDES, LATIN AMERICA TELECOM ANALYST, MERRILL LYNCH: Good morning, everyone. This is Mauricio Fernandes. I am the Latin America telecom analyst for Merrill Lynch, and it is our pleasure to be hosting the America Movil's second quarter 2006 earnings conference call.On the line today with us we have from Mexico City, Daniel Hajj, CEO; Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO; and [Paulina Mieva], Head of Investor Relations.&nbsp;Now, I would like to turn it over to Daniel for his initial remarks. Daniel, please?DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A. DE C.V.: Thank you, Mauricio. Thank you, everybody. Thank you for being on the call. Carlos is going to make, as always, a small summary of the results and then we can pass to questions and answers.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A. DE C.V.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Mauricio, for hosting the call.America Movil had another strong quarter in the
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7373 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone. Welcome to the America Movil third quarter 2006 conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] For opening remarks and introduction, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Patrick Grenham. Please go ahead, sir.PATRICK GRENHAM, INVESTOR RELATIONS, AMERICA MOVIL S.A. DE CV: Good morning, and welcome to the America Movil's headquarters '06 earnings conference call. Today, we have Mr. Daniel Hajj, America Movil's CEO; Mr. Carlos Garcia Moreno, the CFO; and Daniella Lecuona, who is the head of IR for America Movil. And with that I'm going to pass it over to America Movil's management to start the call.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A. DE CV: Thank you, Patrick. Thank you for hosting the call. Thank you everybody for being on the call. I'm going to pass to Carlos Garcia Moreno. He is going to make a small summary of the third quarter results of the company.&nbsp;CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A. DE CV: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. We have just published the results for the third quarter. It was a good third quarter in what is normally a seasonally weak quarter, in spite ofwhich we feel managed to maintain very solid subscriber growth.
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8815 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the America Movil 2Q 2005 Results Conference Call. [OPERTOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jean-Charles Lemardeley Senior Latin American Telecommunications Senior Analyst at JP Morgan. Please go ahead, sir.JEAN-CHARLES LEMARDELEY, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN: Hello everyone. I am Jean-Charles Lemardeley, Latin American and senior Telco analyst for JP Morgan. I would like to thank you for participating in this conference call to discuss America Movil second quarter 2005 results. Joining us from Mexico City today are Daniel Hajj, CEO and Carlos Garcia-Moreno, CFO. Daniel and Carlos, please go ahead.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you Jean-Charles thank you everybody. Thank you for being in the conference. As usual Carlos is going to make a small summary of the second quarter financial report.&nbsp;CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Good morning everyone. Thank you, Jean-Charles, for hosting the call. Well, as you have all been able to see, we had quite a strong quarter in terms of subscriber growth. We have seen that Latin America is continuing to grow at a fast pace. That is partly explained by the continued economic growth
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8734 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel Hajj America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - CEO * Carlos Garcia Moreno America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - CFO * Daniela Lecuona America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - IR ManagerConference Call Participants* Andre Baggio JPMorgan - Analyst * Tomas Lajous UBS - Analyst * Michel Morin Barclays Capital - Analyst * Andy Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * James Rivett Citigroup - Analyst * Fernando Remis GBM Global - Analyst * Will Milner Arete Research - Analyst * Rizwan Ali Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Richard Dineen HSBC Securities - Analyst * James Ratzer New Street Research - Analyst * Gil Alexander Darfil Associates - Analyst * Mauricio Fernandes Bank of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Taras Shumelda American Century - Analyst * Andres Medina Mora GBM Research - Analyst * Martin Lara Vector Casa de Bolsa - Analyst * Walter Piecyk BTIG - Analyst * Jeff Fan Scotia Capital - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by for today's conference. Your lines have been placed in listen-only mode until the question and answer portion of today's conference. And we do ask that you limit your question to one, if there is opportunity you
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7735 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by and welcome to the America Movil third quarter 2004 earnings results conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded on Tuesday, October 26, 2004. I would now turn the conference over Mr. Jean-Charles Lemardeley, Senior Latin American Telecommunications analyst for JP Morgan. Please go ahead.JEAN-CHARLES LEMARDELEY, INVESTOR RELATIONS, JP MORGAN: Hi, good morning. It's Jean-Charles Lemardeley. On behalf of JP Morgan, I would like to thank you for participating in the call this morning. Joining us from Mexico City are Mr Daniel Hajj and Mr Carlos Garcia Moreno, who are respectively CEO and CFO of America Movil. Daniel, please go ahead.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you everybody for joining us to this conference call. I'm going to pass to Carlos. He's going to make a quick summary of third quarter results.&nbsp;CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you Daniel. Thank you Jean-Charles. Good morning everyone. Well, we have had a third quarter that was characterized by strong subscriber growth very much across the board. We had various operations presenting their best performance so far this year in terms of net additions. That
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8324 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Am&eacute;rica M&oacute;vil's Fourth Quarter 2004 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. To get into the question queue at that time, please press &quot;*&quot; &quot;1&quot;. If you require assistance during the call, please press the &quot;*&quot; followed by &quot;0&quot; and a coordinator will assist you. I would now like to turn the presentation over to Ms. Whitney Johnson, Telecom Analyst at Merrill Lynch.WHITNEY JOHNSON, TELECOM ANALYST, MERRILL LYNCH: Good afternoon to those of you in Europe and good morning to those of you in Latin America and United States. This is Whitney Johnson from Merrill Lynch and on behalf of Merrill Lynch we are very pleased to be hosting Am&eacute;rica M&oacute;vil's 4Q '04 conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of Am&eacute;rica M&oacute;vil; Carlos Garcia-Moreno, the CFO; and also with us is Paulina Amieva, the IR Manager. Without any further due, I will turn the speaker or the microphone over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you Daniel.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you Whitney. Good morning everybody. I want
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7441 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the America Movil conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Vera Rossi. Please go ahead Ms. Rossi.VERA ROSSI, INVESTOR RELATIONS, MORGAN STANLEY: Thank you. Good morning for those of you in the U.S. and Latin America, and good afternoon to all of you in Europe. This is Vera Rossi and on behalf of Morgan Stanley, we are pleased to be hosting America Movil first quarter '05 conference call.Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil, Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO, and also with us is Paulina Amieva, Head of Investor Relations. I will turn the speaker over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you. Daniel.&nbsp;DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL SA DE CV: Thank you Vera. Thank you, good morning everybody. Thank you for being in the first quarter results. Carlos is going to give us a small summary of the results. I'm
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7841 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel Hajj America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - CEO * Carlos Garcia-Moreno America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - CFO * Oscar Von Hauske America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - Director of Wireline ServicesConference Call Participants* Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ric Prentiss Raymond James - Analyst * Tomas Lajous UBS - Analyst * James Rivett Citigroup - Analyst * Michel Morin Barclays Capital - Analyst * Martin Lara Itau - Analyst * James Ratzer New Street - Analyst * Grey Powell Wells Fargo - Analyst * Mauricio Fernandes Bank of America - Analyst * Richard Dineen HSBC - Analyst * Rizwan Ali Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Dominic St. George Nevsky Capital - Analyst * Stanley Martinez Legal & General Investment Management - Analyst * Andres Medina Mora GBM Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Michael, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the AMX 4Q 2010 Conference Call. (Operator instructions).&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrew Campbell. You may begin your conference.ANDREW CAMPBELL, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Great. Thank you very much. Good morning, and good
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7724 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel Hajj America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - CEO * Carlos Garcia-Moreno America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - CFO * Oscar Von Hauske America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - Director of Wireline ServicesConference Call Participants* Mauricio Fernandes BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Tomas Lajous UBS - Analyst * Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Andre Baggio JPMorgan - Analyst * Andres Medina Mora GBM - Analyst * Grey Powell Wells Fargo - Analyst * Ric Prentiss Raymond James - Analyst * Rizwan Ali Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Walter Piecyk PTIG - Analyst * James Rivett Citigroup - Analyst * Gil Alexander Darfil Associates - Analyst * Katie Blacklock Sloane Robinson - Analyst * Randall Pollock Vanguard - Analyst * Mathieu Robilliard BNP Paribas - Analyst * Jeff Fan Scotia Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the AMX first quarter 2011 results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Mauricio Fernandes. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;MAURICIO FERNANDES, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Thank you, Matt. Good morning or good afternoon to everyone. My name is Mauricio Fernandes
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7481 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel HajjAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CEO* Carlos Garcia MorenoAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CFO* Oscar Von HauskeAmerica Movil SAB de CV - COOConference Call Participants* Mauricio FernandesBofA Merrill Lynch - Moderator* Walter PiecykBTIG - Analyst* Pablo BalahoGBM - Analyst* Michel MorinMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Sean GlickenhausHSBC - Analyst* Rizwan AliDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Vera RossiBarclays - Analyst* James RatzerNew Street Research - Analyst* Gil AlexanderDarfil Associates - Analyst* Ric PrentissRaymond James - Analyst* Matthew CampbellGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Fernando RamosGBM Global - Analyst* Valder NogueiraSantander - Analyst* Will MilnerArete Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Please stand by, we're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the AMX first quarter 2012 results conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time it is my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mauricio Fernandes. Please go ahead.MAURICIO FERNANDES, MODERATOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Thank you, Anthony. Good morning or good afternoon to everyone. My name is Mauricio Fernandes and I'm the Latin America Telecom and Media Analyst for Bank of America Merrill Lynch. We are honored to host this quarter's conference call to discuss America Movil's first quarter 2012 results.I'm in Sao Paulo,
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7110 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel HajjAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CEO* Carlos Garcia MorenoAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CFO* Oscar Von HauskeAmerica Movil SAB de CV - COOConference Call Participants* Dan KwiatkowskiUBS - Analyst* Ric PrentissRaymond James - Analyst* Michel MorinMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Rizwan AliDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Kevin SmithenMacquarie - Analyst* Walter PiecykBTIG - Analyst* Alex GarciaCiti - Analyst* Vera RossiBarclays - Analyst* Stanley MartinezLegal & General Investment Management - Analyst* Valder NogueiraItau Corretora - Analyst* Christopher BuckBarclays - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the America Movil Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to introduce your host for today's presentation, Mr. Dan Kwiatkowski. Sir, you may begin.DAN KWIATKOWSKI, ANALYST, UBS: Good morning. This is Dan Kwiatkowski of UBS, and I'd like to welcome all to America Movil's second quarter 2012 conference call.On the line today, we have Daniel Hajj, CEO of AMX; Carlos Garcia Moreno, the CFO; Oscar Von Hauske, COO; and Daniela Lecuona, IR Manager.So, without further ado, I'd like to pass the call over to them.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8949 wordsOPERATOR: We'd like to thank you for holding and welcome to your conference call with Mr. Stephen Graham. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Mr. Graham, I would like to thank you for use of the conference services and I will turn the call over to you, sir.STEPHEN GRAHAM, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, UBS LATAM TELECOM EQUITIES RESEARCH: Okay. Thank you. This is the America Movil third quarter 2005 conference call. My name is Stephen Graham, with UBS LatAm Equity Telecom Research, who are happy to host the call today for America Movil.The Company turned in some numbers for the quarter last night, as most of you know. They were fairly impressive, as the stock is showing this morning.&nbsp;With us are Carlos Garcia Moreno, the Chief Financial Officer, Daniel Hajj, Chief Executive Officer, and Paulina Amieva, Investor Relations. I am sure they can shed some light on what's driving results. I will turn the floor over to -- I guess Daniel will be speaking first?DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A. DE C.V.: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for being in the call and I'm going to pass to Carlos Garcia Moreno that he is going to make a small summary of the
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	FinalCorporate Participants* Daniel Hajj America Movil, S.A. de C.V. - CEO * Carlos Garcia-Moreno America Movil, S.A. de C.V. - CFOConference Call Participants* Vera Rossi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ric Prentiss Raymond James - Analyst * James Rivett Citigroup - Analyst * Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Michel Morin Barclays Capital - Analyst * Tomas Lajous UBS - Analyst * Chris King Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Martin Lara Itau Securities - Analyst * Richard Dineen HSBC Securities - Analyst * Peter Lyons Oscar Gruss & Son - Analyst * Rizwan Ali Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Alejandro Lesiano Credit Suisse - Analyst * Will Milner Arete Research - Analyst * Mauricio Fernandes Merrill Lynch - Analyst * James Ratzer New Street Research - Analyst * Irena Watchnitz T. Rowe Price - Analyst * Henry Cobbe Nevsky Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the America Movil fourth quarter '09 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer sessions. Instructions will be given to you at that time.&nbsp;(Operator Instructions)And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7921 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel Hajj America Movil, S.A. de C.V. - CEO * Carlos Garcia Moreno America Movil, S.A. de C.V. - CFOConference Call Participants* Mauricio Fernandes Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Miguel Garcia Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Michel Morin Barclays Capital - Analyst * Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Vera Rossi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Walter Piecyk BTIG - Analyst * Andre Baggio JPMorgan - Analyst * James Rivett Citigroup - Analyst * Ric Prentiss Raymond James - Analyst * Chris King Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Kenneth Berlin State Street Global Advisors - Analyst * Fernando Remis GBM Global - Analyst * Andres Coello BBVA - Analyst * Rizwan Ali Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Henry Cobbe Nevsky Capital - Analyst * James Ratzer New Street Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the AMX First Quarter 2010 Results. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mauricio Fernandes, Senior Latin America Telecom Analyst. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;MAURICIO FERNANDES, ANALYST, BANK OF AMERICA-MERRILL LYNCH: Thank you, Ben. Good morning or good afternoon to everyone.
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8705 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel Hajj America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - CEO * Carlos Garcia Moreno America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - CFO * Daniela Lecuona America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. - IR ManagerConference Call Participants* Rizwan Ali Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ric Prentiss Raymond James - Analyst * Michel Morin Barclays Capital - Analyst * Tomas Lajous UBS - Analyst * Gary Powell Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Autumn Gray Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mauricio Fernandes Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Walter Piecyk BTIG - Analyst * Will Milner Arete Research - Analyst * Andres Medina Mora GBM - Analyst * James Starkman - Investor * Chris King Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Verena Wachinitz T. Rowe Price - Analyst * Richard Dineen HSBC - Analyst * Jennifer Leonard Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Gil Alexandre Darphil Associates - Analyst * Taras Shumelda American Century Investments - Analyst * Miguel Garcia Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the America Movil 2Q Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7724 wordsCorporate Participants* Carlos Garcia MorenoAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CFO* Daniel HajjAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CEOConference Call Participants* Alex GarciaCitigroup - Analyst* Dan KwiatkowskiUBS - Analyst* Sean GlickenhausHSBC - Analyst* Mauricio FernandesBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Andrew CampbellCredit Suisse-Latin America - Analyst* Alejandro GallostraBBVA Bancomer - Analyst&nbsp;* Soomit DattaNew Street Research - Analyst* Andres Medina MoraGBM Research - Analyst* Andre BaggioJ.P. Morgan - Analyst* Ric PrentissRaymond James - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the America Movil fourth quarter 2012 conference call and webcast. Joining us this morning is Daniel Hajj, Chief Executive Officer; Carlos Garcia Moreno, Chief Financial Officer; Oscar Von Hauske, Chief Operating Officer; and Carlos Robles, Chief Financial Officer of Telmex.My name is Shenata, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Daniel Hajj, Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed, sir.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: I will be taking the call from the beginning. This is Carlos Garcia Moreno. Thank you all for
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7025 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniela LecuonaAmerica Movil SAB de CV - IR* Daniel HajjAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CEO* Carlos Garcia MorenoAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CFOConference Call Participants* Andre BaggioJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rodrigo VillanuevaBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Michael MoranMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Andrew Campbell&nbsp;Credit Suisse - Analyst* Walter PiecykBTIG - Analyst* Richard DineenHSBC - Analyst* Soomit DattaNew Street Research - Analyst* Dan KiakowskiUBS - Analyst* Ric PrentissRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* Will MilnerArete Research - Analyst* Mauricio FernandesBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the America Movil first-quarter conference call and webcast. My name is Lacie and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Daniela. Please proceed.DANIELA LECUONA, IR, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Good morning. Welcome, everyone, to the call. We have today on the line Daniel Hajj, Chief Executive Officer; Carlos Garcia Moreno, Chief Financial Officer;
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8147 wordsCorporate Participants* Carlos Sequeira UBS - Analyst * Daniel Hajj America Movil, S.A. de C.V. - CEO * Carlos Garcia Moreno America Movil, S.A. de C.V. - CFOConference Call Participants* Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Stanley Martinez Legal and General Investment Management - Analyst * Walter Piecyk Pali Capital - Analyst * Chris King Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Richard Dineen HSBC Securities - Analyst * Verena Wachnitz T. Rowe Price - Analyst * Nakul Krishnaswamy Tiger Veda - Analyst * James Rivett Citigroup - Analyst * Vera Rossi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Rizwan Ali Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Gil Alexander Darfil Associates - Analyst * Will Milner Arete Research - Analyst * Mauricio Fernandes Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Mr. Sequeira, you may begin.&nbsp;CARLOS SEQUEIRA, ANALYST, UBS: Hello, everyone. This is Carlos Sequeira, Head of UBS, (inaudible) Latin America Telecom Research. On behalf of UBS (inaudible), I would like to welcome you all to America Movil's third quarter 2008 conference call. We have with us today [Max Coseedy] and Mr. Daniel Hajj, America Movil's CEO, and Mr. Carlos Garcia Moreno, America Movil's CFO. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Daniel.DANIEL
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7497 wordsCorporate Participants* Andres Coello BBVA Bancomer - Analyst * Daniel Hajj America Movil, S.A. de C.V. - CEO * Carlos Garcia-Moreno America Movil, S.A. de C.V. - CFOConference Call Participants* Vera Rossi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Henry Cobbe Nevsky Capital - Analyst * Ric Prentiss Raymond James - Analyst * Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Verena Wachnitz T. Rowe Price - Analyst * Mauricio Fernandes Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Richard Dineen HSBC - Analyst * Rizwan Ali Deutsche Bank - Analyst * James Rivett Citigroup - Analyst * Dan Kwiatkowski Schroder Investment Management - Analyst * Gil Alexander Darfil Associates - Analyst * Andre Baggio JPMorgan - Analyst * Phyllis Comara Pax World Fund - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Our call will begin now.&nbsp;ANDRES COELLO, ANALYST, BBVA BANCOMER: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to America Movil's 2Q '09 Conference Call. My name is Andres Coello and I am Telecom and Media Analyst with BBVA Bancomer, Mexico's largest financial institution. I am glad to introduce you today to Mr. Daniel Hajj and Mr. Carlos Garcia-Moreno, Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers of America Movil.Mr. Daniel, Mr. Carlos, please go ahead.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Thank
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7986 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel Hajj America Movil - CEO * Carlos Garcia-Moreno America Movil - CFOConference Call Participants* Tomas Lejeu UBS - Analyst * Vera Rossi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Michel Morin Barclays Capital - Analyst * Gary Powell Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Richard Dineen HSBC - Analyst * Rizwan Ali Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Stanley Martinez Legal and General Investment Management - Analyst * Will Milner Arete Research - Analyst * Henry Cobbe Nevsky Capital - Analyst * Andres Medina Mora GBM Research - Analyst * Mauricio Fernandes Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Peter Lyons Oscar Gruss - Analyst * Reese Skavez UBS - Analyst * Gil Alexander Darphil Associates - Analyst * Ric Prentiss Raymond James - Analyst * Andre Baggio JPMorgan - Analyst * Andres Coello BBVA - Analyst * Fernando Ramos GBM Global - Analyst * Stephen Graham Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your America Movil Third Quarter 2009 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7233 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel HajjAmerica Movil S.A.B. de C.V. - CEO* Carlos Garcia MorenoAmerica Movil S.A.B. de C.V. - CFO* Oscar Pena ChaconAmerica Movil S.A.B. de C.V. - CEO, Dominican Republic DivisionConference Call Participants* Vera RossiBarclays Capital Equity Research - Moderator* Tomas LajousUBS - Analyst* Andrew CampbellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Dominic St. GeorgeNevsky Capital - Analyst* Mauricio FernandesBofA Merrill Lynch International - Analyst* Sean GlickenhausHSBC - Analyst* Yaz PatelHMC Capital - Analyst* Walter PiecykBTIG - Analyst* Michel MorinMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Gil AlexanderDarfell Associates - Analyst* Alejandro GallostraBBVA Bancomer S.A. - Analyst* Andres Medina MoraGBM Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Thea, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the third quarter 2011 earnings' conference call for America Movil AMX. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions).I will now turn the conference over to Miss Vera Rossi. Ma'am, you may begin.VERA ROSSI, MODERATOR, BARCLAYS CAPITAL EQUITY RESEARCH: Thank you. Good morning. This is Vera Rossi and on behalf of Barclays Capital, we are pleased to be hosting
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8127 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel HajjAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CEO* Carlos Garcia MorenoAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CFO* Oscar Von HauskeAmerica Movil SAB de CV - COOConference Call Participants* Tomas LajousUBS - Analyst* Michel MorinMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ric PrentissRaymond James - Analyst* Vera RossiBarclays - Analyst* Walt PiecykBTIG - Analyst* Richard DineenHSBC - Analyst* Fernando RamosGB Global - Analyst* Stanley MartinezLegal & General Investment Management - Analyst* James RazaNew Reach Research - Analyst* Bill Alexander- Analyst* Andres Medina MoraGBM Research - Analyst* Jim BreenWilliam Blair - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the America Movil Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Tomas Lajous. Please, begin.TOMAS LAJOUS, ANALYST, UBS: Good morning. This is Tomas Lajous from UBS. Thank you, everybody, for being on the call. So, welcome to AMX's fourth quarter of 2011 conference call. We have today on the line Daniel Hajj, CEO of AMX; Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO; Oscar Von Hauske, COO; and (Inaudible).With this, I'll just turn the call right over to AMX, and then we can move
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7236 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel HajjAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CEO* Carlos Garcia MorenoAmerica Movil SAB de CV - CFO* Oscar Von HauskeAmerica Movil SAB de CV - COOConference Call Participants* Vera RossiBarclays - Analyst* Alejandro GallostraBBVA - Analyst* Michel MorinMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Walter PiecykBTIG - Analyst&nbsp;* Alex GarciaCitibank - Analyst* Andrew CampbellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Marty FernandesMerrill Lynch - Analyst* Fernando RamosGBM Global - Analyst* Stanley MartinezLegal & General Investment Management - Analyst* Dan KwiatkowskiUBS - Analyst* Gregorio TomassiItau - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third-quarter 2012 America Movil earnings conference call. My name is Juscinia and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).Joining us this morning is Daniel Hajj, Chief Executive Officer; Carlos Garcia Moreno, Chief Financial Officer; Oscar Von Hauske, Chief Operating Officer; Carlos Robles, Telmex Chief Financial Officer.And now I would like to turn the conference over to your host for today Mr. Daniel Hajj. Please proceed, sir.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for being at the third-quarter financial and operational results,
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8339 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the America Movil fourth quarter conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mauricio Fernandes, Merrill Lynch Senior Latin Telecom Analyst.MAURICIO FERNANDES, SENIOR LATIN TELECOM ANALYST, MERRILL LYNCH: Thank you, Cynthia. Good morning, everyone. This is Mauricio Fernandes. I am the Latin America Telecom Analyst for Merrill Lynch, and it is our pleasure to be hosting America Movil's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call.On this call with us today, we are honored to have from Mexico City Daniel Hajj, CEO, Carlos Garcia-Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona, Head of Investor Relations. Now I would like to turn it over to Daniel Hajj for his initial remarks.Daniel, please.&nbsp;DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Mauricio. Thank you, everybody, for being in the call, and, as always, Carlos is going to make a small summary of the fourth quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Mauricio. Well, we ended the year with a strong showing of subscriber growth, picking up 10 million new subscribers in the last quarter. This, by the way, was 23% higher than the consensus number
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8624 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to thank you for standing by and welcome you to the America Movil First Quarter 2008 Earnings Teleconference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference call will be recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to your hostess, Ms. Vera Rossi. Please go ahead, ma'am.VERA ROSSI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Good morning for those of you in the US and Latin American and good afternoon to our few in Europe. This is Vera Rossi and on behalf of Morgan Stanley we are pleased to be hosting America Movil first quarter '08 conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil, Carolos Garcia-Moreno, CFO, and also with us is Daniela Lecuona, Head of IR.I will turn the speaker over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you Daniel.&nbsp;DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Vera. Thank you for hosting the call and thank you everybody for attending the call. As always, Carlos Garcia-Moreno is going to make a summary of the first quarter results of America Movil. Carlos, please.CARLOS JOSE GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Vera. Good morning everyone. America Movil finished the first quarter of the year with a
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8764 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel Hajj America Movil - CEO * Carlos Jose Garcia-Moreno America Movil - CFOConference Call Participants* Richard Denine HSBC Securities - Analyst * Henry Cobbe Nevsky Capital - Analyst * Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Will Milner Arete Research - Analyst * Walt Piecyk Pali Research - Analyst * Thomas Lajos UBS - Analyst. * Mauricio Fernandes Merrill Lynch - Senior Latin Telecom Analyst * Ric Prentiss Raymond James - Analyst * Fernando Ramos GBM Research - Analyst * Vincent Walden Thornberg Investment Management - Analyst * Anthony Durant Vanguard - Analyst * Andre Bajiva JP Morgan - Analyst * Gil Alexandre Darphil Associates - Analyst * Rodrigo Ortega BBVA Latam - Analyst * James Rassiter New Street Research - Analyst * Vera Rossi Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to thank you for standing by and welcome you to the America Movil First Quarter 2008 Earnings Teleconference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference call will be recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to your hostess, Ms. Vera Rossi. Please go ahead, ma'am.VERA ROSSI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Good morning for those of you in the US
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8868 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniel Hajj America Movil - CEO * Carlos Garcia-Moreno America Movil - CFOConference Call Participants* Andre Baggio JP Morgan - Analyst * Andrew Campbell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Vera Rossi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Martin Lara Vector Casa de Bolsa - Analyst * Stephen Graham Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Alex Thumler - Analyst * Fernando Ramos GBM Research - Analyst * Walter Piecyk Pali Research - Analyst * Richard Dineen HSBC - Analyst * James Breen Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Steve Malcolm Arete Research - Analyst * Henry Cobbe Nevsky Capital - Analyst * Mauricio Fernandes Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Brad. I will be the operator on today's call. I would like to welcome everyone to the America Movil conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.&nbsp;Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Andre Baggio.ANDRE BAGGIO, ANALYST, JP MORGAN: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And good afternoon for those in Europe. This is Andre Baggio, a Latin American telecom analyst for JPMorgan and it's our pleasure to be hosting America Movil's second
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8756 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Brad. I will be the operator on today's call. I would like to welcome everyone to the America Movil conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Andre Baggio.ANDRE BAGGIO, ANALYST, JP MORGAN: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. And good afternoon for those in Europe. This is Andre Baggio, a Latin American telecom analyst for JPMorgan and it's our pleasure to be hosting America Movil's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. On this call we will have Daniel Hajj, CEO; Carolos Garcia-Moreno, CFO; and Daniela Lecuona, Head of IR.&nbsp;Now I would like to turn over to Daniel Hajj for his administrative presentation, which will be followed by your Q&A.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Andre. Thank you everybody for being in the call. Carlos Garcia-Moreno is going to present the summary of the second quarter financial and operating results. Carlos, please.CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Hello. Thanks for hosting the call, Andre. Good morning, everyone.America Movil obtained solid financial results in second quarter that were supported by good subscriber and revenue
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 7015 wordsCorporate Participants* Daniela LecuonaAmerica Movil, S.A.B de C.V. - IR Manager* Daniel HajjAmerica Movil, S.A.B de C.V. - CEO* Carlos Garcia MorenoAmerica Movil, S.A.B de C.V. - CFO* Oscar Von HauskeAmerica Movil, S.A.B de C.V. - COOConference Call Participants* Vera Rossi&nbsp;Goldman Sachs - Analyst* Andrew CampbellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Richard DineenHSBC - Analyst* Mauricio FernandesMerrill Lynch - Analyst* Alejandro GallostraBBVA - Analyst* Michel MorinMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Kevin SmithenMacquarie - Analyst* Ric PrentissRaymond James - Analyst* Will MillnerArete Research - Analyst* Walter PiecykBTIG - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2013 America Movil Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jackie, and I will be your operator for today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the presentation over to Ms. Daniela Lecuona. Please, proceed.DANIELA LECUONA, IR MANAGER, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B DE C.V.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us in today's call. We have on the line Daniel Hajj, our CEO; Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO; Oscar Von Hauske, COO; and Carlos Robles, CFO Telmex.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B DE C.V.: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for being in the
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8564 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the America Movil Fourth Quarter 2006 conference call.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS].I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Latin American telecom and media analyst Vera Rossi from Morgan Stanley.VERA ROSSI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Good morning for those of you in the US and Latin America and good afternoon to all of you in Europe. This is Vera Rossi and on behalf of Morgan Stanley we are pleased to be hosting America Movil First Quarter '07 conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil and Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO. And also with us is Daniela Lecuona Head of IR. I will turn the call over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you, Daniel.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Thank you Vera. Good morning everybody. Thank you for being in the call. As always Carlos Garcia Moreno is going to make a small summary of the fourth quarter results. Good morning, Carlos.&nbsp;CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Hello everyone. Good morning. America Movil entered 2006 with a good performance. Subscriber and service revenues were fairly strong in the fourth quarter. We added 8.7 million subs in the quarter
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8843 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the America Movil First Quarter Results Conference Call[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jean-Charles Lemardeley, Telecom Analyst at J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.JEAN-CHARLES LEMARDELEY, ANALYST, JP MORGAN: Yes, hi everyone. On behalf of J.P. Morgan, I'd like to thank you for participating in this conference call to discuss another very strong set of results from American Movil.Joining us from the company today are CEO, Daniel Hajj and CFO, Carlos Garcia Moreno. Gentlemen, please go ahead.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICAN MOVIL SA DE CV: Thank you, Jean-Charles. Thank you everybody to be on the call. As always, Carlos is going to make a small summary of the first quarter results of 2007.&nbsp;CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICAN MOVIL SA DE CV: Thank you. Good morning everyone. As Jean-Charles pointed out, American Movil had a strong first quarter that was characterized by good subscriber growth, rapid service revenue increases and improving EBITDA margins practically across the board. Net subscriber additions and EBITDA were both approximately 10% higher than the market consensus. This means that in spite of growing more rapidly, we actually delivered better returns than the market
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 6671 wordsANDY CAMPBELL, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Thank you. Good morning and good afternoon. This is Andy Campbell from Credit Suisse and it's my pleasure to welcome you today to the America Movil Q2 2007 Results Conference Call. We have on the line with us today Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil and Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO, online from Mexico City. And I'd like to hand the call off to Daniel for some opening remarks.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO AND DIRECTOR, AMERICA MOVIL S.A. DE C.V.: Thank you, Andy, and thank you everybody for being on the call. As always Carlos is going to make a small summary of the results of -- the second quarter results of America Movil. Thank you.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A. DE C.V.: Thanks, Daniel. Thank you Andy for hosting the call. Well, good morning everyone. America Movil has a solid balanced performance in the second quarter. We had good subscriber and revenue growth and with strong EBITDA margins very much across the board. We consolidated for the first time the operations of Puerto Rico, which we had acquired at the end of March.&nbsp;We must note that sell-side analyst estimates of our second quarter numbers
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	LENGTH: 8209 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Robin and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the America Movil's Third Quarter Results Conference Call.(OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)Thank you. Mr. Ali, you may begin your conference.RIZWAN ALI, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Good morning to those in U.S. and Latin America, and good afternoon to those in Europe. My name is Rizwan Ali. I am the Senior Latin American Telecom Analyst at Deutsche Bank, and I would like to welcome you to the America Movil's third quarter conference call. Also, a special thanks to Mr. Daniel Hajj, the CEO of America Movil; and Mr. Carlos Garcia-Moreno, the CFO, for participating in the call. After the management presentation, we will have a Q&A session.And with this, I will ask Daniel and Carlos to make the presentation.DANIEL HAJJ ABOUMRAD, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Rizwan. Good morning everybody. Thank you for being in the call. As always, Carlos prepares a small summary of the third quarter results.&nbsp;CARLOS JOSE GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Good morning everyone. Thank you, Rizwan, for hosting this call. Well, as most of you may have seen by now, we had a good
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 7164 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com Fourth Quarter 2003 Financial Results conference call. Today(TM)s call is being recorded.For opening remarks and introductions I(TM)d like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Stone. Please go ahead, sir.TIM STONE, VP OF IR, AMZN: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Amazon.com Fourth Quarter 2003 conference call. Joining on today(TM)s call will be Tom Szkutak, our Chief Financial Officer. Jeff Bezos, our CEO, will be available for the question and answer portion of the call.&nbsp;Please keep in mind that the following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management(TM)s views as of today, January 27th, 2004 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about factors that could potentially affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, and also the SEC filings.As you listen to today(TM)s call I encourage you to have our press release in front of you since all of our financial results as
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5682 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Amazon.com first quarter 2004 financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Stone. Please go ahead, sir.TIM STONE, VP IR, AMZN: Thank you. Good afternoon. Welcome to the Amazon.com first quarter 2004 conference call. Joining me on today's call is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, will be available for the question and answer portion of the call.Please keep in mind, the following discussion and responses of your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 22, 2004 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 and all subsequent filings.&nbsp;As you listen to today's call, I encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes all of our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5953 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com second-quarter 2004 financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Stone. Mr. Stone, please go ahead.TIM STONE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM: Good afternoon. Welcome to the Amazon.com second-quarter 2004 conference call. Joining us on today's call is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, will be available for Q&A. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 22, 2004 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2003 annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen today's call, I encourage you to have our press release in front of you which includes our financial results as well metrics and commentary on the quarter.&nbsp;During this call, we also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In the release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6268 wordsCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP, IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - CFO * Jeff Bezos Amazon.com, Inc. - Founder & CEOConference Call Participants* Scott Devitt Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Justin Post Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Yusef Kwali Jeffreys and Company - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Heath Terry FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Jim Friedland Cowen and Company - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Collins-Stewart - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com fourth quarter 2008 financial results teleconference. (Operating Instructions). Today's call is being recorded, and for opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;ROB ELDRIDGE, VP, IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q4 '08 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6496 wordsCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP of IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - SVP and CFO * Jeff Bezos Amazon.com, Inc. - President, CEO and ChairmanConference Call Participants* Doug Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Justin Post Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credut Suisse - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Collins Stewart - Analyst * Marianne Wolk Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Colin Sebastian Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Heath Terry FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Jim Friedland Cowen and Company - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com first-quarter 2009 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;For opening remarks, I will now be turning the conference over to the Vice President of Investor
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6073 wordsCorporate Participants* Sean BoyleAmazon.com, Inc. - VP IR* Tom SzkutakAmazon.com, Inc. - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Ross SandlerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Douglas AnmuthJPMorgan - Analyst* Mark MillerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Brian PitzJefferies & Company - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark Mahaney&nbsp;RBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Mark MayCiti - Analyst* Justin PostBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Ben SchachterMacquarie Research - Analyst* Jordan RohanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Ron JoseyJMP Securities - Analyst* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays Capital - Analyst* Youssef SqualiCantor Fitzgerald - Analyst* Colin SebastianRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Matt NemerWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Stephen JuCredit Suisse - Analyst* Ken SenaEvercore Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com second quarter 2013 financial results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.For opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sean Boyle. Please go ahead, sir.SEAN BOYLE, VP IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q2 2013 financial results conference call.
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 7237 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Amazon.com fourth-quarter 2005 financial results conference. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Stone. Please go ahead, sir.TIM STONE, VP, IR, AMAZON.COM: Welcome to our Q4 '05 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A. In the following discussion, responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today February 2, 2006 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, included our 2004 annual report on Form 10-K.As you are listening to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.&nbsp;During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6587 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com first-quarter 2006 financial results teleconference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Kim Nelson. Please go ahead, Ms. Nelson.KIM NELSON, DIRECTOR, IR, AMAZON.COM: Hello and welcome to our Q1 '06 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 25, 2006 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2005 annual report on Form 10-K.&nbsp;As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6786 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com second-quarter 2006 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Kim Nelson. Please go ahead.KIM NELSON, DIRECTOR OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q2 2006 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.&nbsp;The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's view as of today, July 25, 2006, only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC. including our 2005 Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6862 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com third-quarter 2006 financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Kim Nelson. Please go ahead, Ma'am.KIM NELSON, IR, AMAZON.COM: Hello and welcome to our Q3 2006 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management views as of today, October 24, 2006 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC including our 2005 annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have a press release in front of you which includes our financial results as far well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.&nbsp;During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 7935 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com second-quarter 2005 financial results teleconference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). For opening remarks I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Stone. Please go ahead, sir.TIM STONE, VP, IR, AMAZON.COM: Hello and welcome to our Q2 '05 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion or responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 26, 2005 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2004 annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.&nbsp;During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 7367 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com third-quarter 2005 financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Stone. Please go ahead, sir.TIM STONE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q3 '05 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.&nbsp;The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, October 25, 2005 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2004 annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, I will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5191 wordsCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP of IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Brian Pitz UBS - Analyst * Douglas Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Greg O'Shara Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Jim Friedland Cowen and Company - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Caris & Company - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Justin Post BofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Amazon quarterly conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;ROB ELDRIDGE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q3 2010 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6711 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to the Amazon.com third-quarter 2004 financial results teleconference. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Stone. Please go ahead.TIM STONE, VP IR, AMAZON.COM: Welcome to our Q3 '04 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO, Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, will be available for Q&A. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, October 21, 2004 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2003 annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.&nbsp;During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you'll find
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 9188 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by and good day, everyone. Welcome to the Amazon.com fourth quarter 2004 financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Stone. Please go ahead, sir.TIM STONE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello. Welcome to our Q4 '04 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Jeff Bezos, our founder and CEO, who will begin the call by discussing Amazon's first ever membership service; and Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Both Jeff and Tom will be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect managements views as of today, February 2, 2005 only. It will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC including our 2003 annual report on Form 10-K.&nbsp;As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call we
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 7884 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com first-quarter 2005 financial results teleconference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). For opening remarks, I will now be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Tim Stone. Please go ahead, sir.TIM STONE, VP, IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q1 '05 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today April 26, 2005 only and will include forward-looking statements. Action results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2004 annual report on Form 10-K.&nbsp;As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6721 wordsCorporate Participants* John Felton Amazon.com, Inc. - Director of Investment Relations * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com Inc - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* James (Jim) Friedland Cowen and Company - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Colin Sebastian Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Brian Pitz UBS - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Justin Post BofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone and welcome to the Amazon.com Second Quarter 2011 Financial Results Teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. John Felton. Please go ahead.&nbsp;JOHN FELTON, DIRECTOR OF INVESTMENT RELATIONS, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q2 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6509 wordsCorporate Participants* Sean BoyleAmazon.com, Inc. - IR* Tom SzkutakAmazon.com, Inc. - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark MahaneyCitigroup - Analyst* Heather BelliniGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ken SenaEvercore Partners - Analyst* Doug AnmuthJPMorgan - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Brian NowakNomura Securities Intl (America) - Analyst* Matt NemerWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Carlos KirjnerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Jordan RohanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Lloyd WalmsleyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays Capital - Analyst* Justin PostBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Herman LeungSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst* Ben SchachterMacquarie Research - Analyst* Gregor SchauerRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to Amazon.com first quarter 2012 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sean Boyle. Please go ahead, sir.SEAN BOYLE, IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q1 2012 financial results conference call.
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5465 wordsCorporate Participants* Sean BoyleAmazon.com, Inc. - VP of IR* Tom SzkutakAmazon.com, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - Analyst* Heather BelliniGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Deepak MathivananSusquehanna Financial Group - Analyst* Aram RubinsonNomura Equity Research - Analyst* Paul BieberBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Kaizad GotlaJPMorgan - Analyst&nbsp;* Rohit KulkarniCitigroup - Analyst* Mark MillerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Scott TilghmanCaris & Company - Analyst* Ron JoseyThinkEquity LLC - Analyst* So Young LeeSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* Andrew McNellisEvercore Partners - Analyst* Perry GoldBarclays Capital - Analyst* Kerry RiceNeedham & Company - Analyst* Matt NemerWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Atul BaggaLazard Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com second quarter 2012 financial results teleconference.At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sean Boyle. Please go ahead.SEAN BOYLE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q2 2012 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our
Amazon.com Inc	FinalCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Justin Post BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Collins Stewart - Analyst * Ben Schachter Broadpoint AmTech - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Colin Sebastian Lazard Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to the Amazon.com Q4 financial results conference. Today's call is being recorded. For today's opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;ROB ELDRIDGE, VP IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q4 2009 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. He and I will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and response to your questions reflects management's views as of today, January 28, 2010, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about
Amazon.com Inc	FinalCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP, IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - SVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Colin Sebastian Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Douglas Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Brian Pitz UBS - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citi - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Steve Weinstein Pacific Crest - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Ben Schachter Broadpoint AmTech - Analyst * Justin Post Bank of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com first-quarter 2010 financial results conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;ROB ELDRIDGE, VP, IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q1 2010 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of
Amazon.com Inc	FinalCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP, IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - SVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Colin Sebastian Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Douglas Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Brian Pitz UBS - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citi - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Steve Weinstein Pacific Crest - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Ben Schachter Broadpoint AmTech - Analyst * Justin Post Bank of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com first-quarter 2010 financial results conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;ROB ELDRIDGE, VP, IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q1 2010 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6137 wordsCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP of IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citi - Analyst * Justin Post Banc of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jim Friedland Cowen & Company - Analyst * Brian Pitz UBS - Analyst * Douglas Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Shawn Milne Janney Capital Markets - Analyst * Imran Khan JP Morgan - Analyst * Colin Sebastian Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Caris & Company - Analyst * Heath Terry FBR Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Amazon quarterly conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rob Eldridge, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;ROB ELDRIDGE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q2 2010 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO, who will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6545 wordsCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Mark Mahaney Citi - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Brian Pitz UBS - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies - Analyst * Colin Sebastian Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Ben Schachter Macquarie - Analyst * Justin Post Banc of America - Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Jim Friedland Cowen and Company - Analyst * Steve Weinstein Pacific Crest - Analyst * Heath Terry Canaccord - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Caris & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Amazon quarterly conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rob Eldridge.&nbsp;ROB ELDRIDGE, VP IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q4 2010 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, January 27,
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5920 wordsCorporate Participants* John Felton Amazon.com, Inc. - Director of IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - SVP and CFO * Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP of IRConference Call Participants* Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Company - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jim Friedland Cowen and Company - Analyst * Ben Schachter Macquarie Research - Analyst * Colin Sebastian Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Brian Pitz UBS - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Caris & Company - Analyst * Ken Sena Evercore Partners - Analyst * Jason Helfstein Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Heath Terry Canaccord Genuity - Analyst * Steve Weinstein Pacific Crest Securities - Analyst * Matt Nemer Wells Fargo Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Amazon quarterly conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. John Felton, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;JOHN FELTON, DIRECTOR OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5244 wordsCorporate Participants* Sean BoyleAmazon.com, Inc. - VP of IR* Tom SzkutakAmazon.Com Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Douglas AnmuthJPMorgan - Analyst* Brian PitzJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Mark MahaneyRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;* Brian NowakNomura Securities Intl - Analyst* Ross SandlerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Justin PostBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Tom ForteTelsey Advisory Group - Analyst* Ken SenaEvercore Partners - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays Capital - Analyst* Rohit KulkarniCiti - Analyst* Ben SchachterMacquarie Research - Analyst* Jordan RohanStifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon. com fourth-quarter 2012 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sean Boyle. Please go ahead.SEAN BOYLE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q4 2012 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks. The following discussion and responses to
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5306 wordsCorporate Participants* Sean BoyleAmazon.com, Inc. - VP of IR* Tom SzkutakAmazon.com, Inc. - SVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Brian PitzJefferies & Company - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark MahaneyRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Ben SchachterMacquarie Research - Analyst* Ross SandlerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Colin Sebastian&nbsp;Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst* Doug AnmuthJPMorgan - Analyst* Justin PostBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Matt NemerWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Stephen JuCredit Suisse - Analyst* Ken SenaEvercore Partners - Analyst* John BlackledgeCowen and Company - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays Capital - Analyst* Youssef SqualiCantor Fitzgerald - Analyst* Jordan RohanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Jason HelfsteinOppenheimer & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone; thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Amazon.com first-quarter 2013 financial results teleconference. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode and after the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. And for opening marks I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sean Boyle. Mr. Boyle, please go ahead.SEAN BOYLE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to or Q1 2013 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5828 wordsCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP, IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - SVP, CFO * Jeff Bezos Amazon.com, Inc. - President, CEO, ChairmanConference Call Participants* James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Douglas Anmuth Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Scott Devitt Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Justin Post Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Brian Pitz Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan Chase & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to the Amazon.com third-quarter 2008 financial results teleconference. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Eldridge. Please go ahead.&nbsp;ROB ELDRIDGE, VP, IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q3 '08 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6418 wordsCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP of IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Mary Meeker Morgan Stanley - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Justin Post BAS-ML - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Collins Stewart - Analyst * Ben Schachter Broadpoint AmTech - Analyst * Jim Friedland Cowen and Company - Analyst * Heath Terry Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group, Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com second quarter 2009 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead.ROB ELDRIDGE, VP OF IR,
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6391 wordsCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Justin Post Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Brian Pitz UBS - Analyst * Heath Terry FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citi - Analyst * Jim Friedland Cowen and Company - Analyst * Ben Schachter Broadpoint AmTech - Analyst * Sandeep Agarwal Collins Stewart - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Brian Nagel Oppenheimer - Analyst * Aaron Kessler Kaufman - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to the Amazon.com third-quarter 2009 financial results teleconference. (Operator Instructions). Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Rob Eldridge.&nbsp;ROB ELDRIDGE, VP IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q3 2009 financial results
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6062 wordsCorporate Participants* John FeltonAmazon.com, Inc. - IR* Tom SzkutakAmazon.com, Inc. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Mark MahaneyCitigroup - Analyst* Youssef SqualiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jim FriedlandCowen and Company - Analyst* Ross SandlerRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Jeetil PatelDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - Analyst* Ben SchachterMacquarie Research - Analyst* Herman LeungSusquehanna Financial Group/SIG - Analyst* Brian PitzUBS - Analyst* Doug AnmuthJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Colin SebastianRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Matt NemerWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Kerry RiceNeedham & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com third-quarter 2011 financial results teleconference. (Operator Instructions). Today's call is being recorded.For opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. John Felton. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN FELTON, IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q3 2011 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, October 25, 2011, only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5508 wordsCorporate Participants* Sean BoyleAmazon.com, Inc. - IR* Tom SzkutakAmazon.com, Inc. - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Jeetil PatelDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark MahaneyCiti - Analyst* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - Analyst* Youssef SqualiJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Heather BelliniGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Justin PostBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jordan RohanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Doug AnmuthJPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to Amazon.com fourth-quarter 2011 financial results teleconference. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Sean Boyle.SEAN BOYLE, IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q4 2011 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO; and John Felton, our Director of Investor Relations. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, January 31, 2012, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5566 wordsCorporate Participants* Sean BoyleAmazon.com, Inc. - VP of IR* Tom SzkutakAmazon.com, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark MahaneyCitigroup - Analyst* Heather BelliniGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Douglas AnmuthJPMorgan - Analyst* Youssef SqualiCantor Fitzgerald - Analyst* Brian PitzJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Stephen Ju&nbsp;Credit Suisse - Analyst* Brian NowakNomura Securities Intl - Analyst* Ross SandlerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Mark MillerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Herman LeungSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays Capital - Analyst* Michael GrahamCanaccord Genuity - Analyst* Justin PostBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com third-quarter 2012 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Sean Boyle. Please go ahead.SEAN BOYLE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q3 2012 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 7281 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to the Amazon.com fourth quarter 2007 financial results teleconference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks I will be turning the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, [Mr. Rob Eldridge]. Please go ahead, sir.ROB ELDRIDGE, VP IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q4 '07 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, January 30, 2008 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2006 annual report on Form 10-K.&nbsp;As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6140 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to the Amazon.com first quarter 2008 financial results teleconference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead, sir.ROB ELDRIDGE, VP IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q1 2008 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflects management's views as of today, April 23, 2008 only. It will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.&nbsp;Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6263 wordsCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - CFO * Jeff Bezos Amazon.com, Inc. - Founder and CEOConference Call Participants* Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Imran Khan JP Morgan - Analyst * Heath Terry Credit Suisse - Analyst * Scott Devitt Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Dave Joseph Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Justin Post Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Aaron Kessler Piper Jaffray - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Brian Pitz Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Steve Weinstein Pacific Crest - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to the Amazon.com first quarter 2008 financial results teleconference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;ROB ELDRIDGE, VP IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q1 2008 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5169 wordsCorporate Participants* Rob Eldridge Amazon.com, Inc. - VP of IR * Tom Szkutak Amazon.com, Inc. - CFO * Jeff Bezos Amazon.com, Inc. - Founder and CEOConference Call Participants* Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Justin Post Merrill Lynch - Analyst * David Joseph Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Brian Pitz Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Scott Devitt Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Steve Weinstein Pacific Crest Securities - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com second quarter 2008 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;For opening remarks, I'll be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead.ROB ELDRIDGE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q2 2008 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO.
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5055 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com second quarter 2008 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.For opening remarks, I'll be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead.ROB ELDRIDGE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q2 2008 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.&nbsp;The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 23, 2008 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6223 wordsCorporate Participants* Sean BoyleAmazon.com, Inc. - VP of IR* Tom SzkutakAmazon.com, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Benjamin SchachterMacquarie Research - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark MahaneyRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Victor AnthonyTopeka Capital Markets - Analyst* Mark MayCiti - Analyst* Carlos KirjnerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst&nbsp;* Mark MillerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Kerry RiceNeedham & Company - Analyst* Scott TilghmanB. Riley Caris - Analyst* Tom ForteTelsey Advisory Group - Analyst* Douglas AnmuthJPMorgan - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* John BlackledgeJPMorgan - Analyst* Ron JoseyJMP Securities - Analyst* Brian PitzJefferies & Company - Analyst* Jordan RohanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com third-quarter 2013 financial results teleconference.(Operator Instructions)Today's call is being recorded. For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sean Boyle. Please go ahead, sir.SEAN BOYLE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q3 2013 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6365 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com fourth-quarter 2006 financial results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Kim Nelson. Please go ahead, ma'am.KIM NELSON, DIRECTOR OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q4 2006 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, February 1, 2007 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2005 annual report on Form 10-K.&nbsp;As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 5065 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com first-quarter 2007 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.(technical difficulty) remarks I will (technical difficulty) the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Kim Nelson. Please go ahead.KIM NELSON, DIRECTOR OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q1 2007 financial results conference (technical difficulty). Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.&nbsp;The following discussions and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 24, 2007 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2006 annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures.
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 6556 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com second-quarter 2007 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Kim Nelson. Please go ahead.KIM NELSON, DIRECTOR OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q2 2007 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.&nbsp;The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 24, 2007 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2006 annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In
Amazon.com Inc	LENGTH: 7175 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Amazon.com third-quarter 2007 financial results teleconference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded.For opening remarks, I will be turning the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Kim Nelson. Please go ahead.KIM NELSON, DIRECTOR OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q3 2007 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.&nbsp;The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, October 23, 2007 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2006 annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In
American Express Co	LENGTH: 8988 wordsOPERATOR: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the American Express fourth quarter earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ron Stovall, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Stovall, you may begin.RON STOVALL, SR VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Marisella, and welcome to all of you. I appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. Before we get started it's my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements including the company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release which was filed in an 8-K report and in the company's 2002 10-K report and third quarter 2003 10-Q report already on file
American Express Co	LENGTH: 7881 wordsEDITOR: (technical difficulty)OPERATOR: Sir, you may begin.GARY CRITTENDEN, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: I just want to apologize to folks. I know we had a little bit of an issue between the ability to get the call over the conference lines and then into the Web. So I apologize for the delay. But certainly, we want to get started now.I had gone through the Safe Harbor discussion and made the point that we do reconcile our managed basis information to GAAP information, and encourage all of you to take a look at the information that is included in the earnings release and the earnings supplement.&nbsp;Gary Crittenden, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express will provide some introductory remarks, highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. And so based
American Express Co	LENGTH: 11774 wordsCorporate Participants* Ken Chenault American Express Company - Chairman, CEO * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP, CFO * Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP, IRConference Call Participants* Bruce Harting Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mike Mayo Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Chris Brendler Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * David Hochstim Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Don Fandetti Citigroup - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Bill Carcache Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller - Analyst * Rick Shane Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Michael Taiano Sandler O'Neill & Partners - Analyst * Robert Parusi UBS - Analyst * Scott Valentin Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group - Analyst * Moshe Orenbuch Credit Suisse - Analyst * John Stilmar SunTrust - Analyst * John Williams Macquarie Research Equities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express fourth quarter earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session, with instructions being given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like
American Express Co	LENGTH: 12110 wordsCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP IR * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Brian Foran Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Craig Maurer Calyon Securities (USA) Inc. - Analyst * Don Fandetti Citi - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Chris Brendler Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Andrew Wessel J.P. Morgan - Analyst * David Hochstim Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Bill Carcache Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * Richard Shane Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Bruce Harting Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Stilmar Suntrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Scott Valentin FBR Capital Markets & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to today's American Express Q1 '09 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and will be made available for replay. And information regarding accessing that replay will be given at the end of today's conference. With that, I'd like to turn our conference over to our host today, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RON STOVALL, SVP IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay.
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9044 wordsCorporate Participants* Rick PetrinoAmerican Express Company - SVP of IR* Dan HenryAmerican Express Company - EVP and CFO* Jeff CampbellAmerican Express Company - Future CFOConference Call Participants* Craig MaurerCLSA Limited - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Bill CarcacheNomura Asset Management - Analyst* Brian ForanAutonomous Research LLP - Analyst&nbsp;* Rick ShaneJPMorgan - Analyst* Ken BruceBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Ryan NashGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Don FandettiCitigroup - Analyst* James FriedmanSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst* Mark DeVriesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Chris BrendlerStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Brad BallEvercore Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the American Express second-quarter 2013 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for questions.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Mr. Rick Petrino. Please go ahead.RICK PETRINO, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you. Welcome, and thank you for joining us for today's call. The discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9505 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Brian and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express fourth-quarter and full-year 2005 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Ron Stovall. Thank you. Mr. Stovall, you may begin your conference.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Brian, and welcome to everyone. Appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. As usual, I want to remind everyone that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today.&nbsp;The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and
American Express Co	LENGTH: 8541 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express first quarter earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Thank you. Mr. Stovall, you may begin your conference.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS: Welcome, everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. Before we get started, my responsibility to remind you that the discussions today contain certain forward looking statements about the Company's future, financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words, believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release which is filed in the company's 8-K report and in the Company's 2005 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In the first quarter, 2006 earnings release and supplement which are now posted on our Web site at IR.americanexpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8K report, we have provided information that compares and
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9676 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the second-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).Mr. Stovall, you may begin your conference.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. As usual, it's my job today to remind you that the discussion contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.&nbsp;Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2005 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the second-quarter 2006 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com, and
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9865 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Sarah and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express third-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Ron Stovall. You may begin your conference.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Sarah, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.&nbsp;Before we get started with the review of our results, let me just remind everyone that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9637 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express second-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). With that, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ron Stovall, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Welcome. I appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion, and as usual, it is my honor to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2003 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In
American Express Co	LENGTH: 10449 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Michael and I will pay your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express second-quarter 2005 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Ron Stovall. Thank you. Mr. Stovall, you may begin your conference.RON STOVALL, VP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you Michael and welcome everyone. I appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.Before we get started, as you know, it's my duty to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words &quot;believe&quot;, &quot;expect&quot;, &quot;anticipate&quot;, &quot;optimistic&quot;, &quot;intend&quot;, &quot;plan&quot;, &quot;aim&quot;, &quot;will&quot;, &quot;should&quot;, &quot;could&quot;, &quot;likely&quot; and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.&nbsp;Factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release which is filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2004 10-K report, already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the second-quarter
American Express Co	LENGTH: 10071 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Derek, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express third-quarter 2005 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Ron Stovall, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RON STOVALL, SVP - IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS: Thank you, Derek, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. As usual, I want to begin the call by reminding you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and speak only as of today. The words &quot;believe,&quot; &quot;expect,&quot; &quot;anticipate,&quot; &quot;optimistic,&quot; &quot;intend,&quot; &quot;plan,&quot; &quot;aim,&quot; &quot;will,&quot; &quot;should,&quot; &quot;could,&quot; &quot;likely,&quot; and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release which was filed in
American Express Co	LENGTH: 12863 wordsCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP IR * Ken Chenault American Express Company - Chairman, CEO * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Craig Maurer CLSA Limited - Analyst * Ken Bruce BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Betsy Graseck Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mike Taiano Sandler O'Neill & Partners - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Drew Dampier Meredith Whitney Advisory Group LLC - Analyst * Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * David Hochstim Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Bill Carcache Macquarie Research Equities - Analyst * Jason Arnold RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * John Stilmar SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Brad Ball Evercore Asset Management - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express third-quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RON STOVALL, SVP IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you very much, Cathy, and
American Express Co	LENGTH: 11309 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Miles, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express third quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. Instructions will be given at that time as to how to ask a question. Thank you. Mr. Stovall you may begin your conference.RON STOVALL, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay. Thank you Miles and welcome to everyone. Appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.As usual I just need to do a little housekeeping before we get started and remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.&nbsp;Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements including the company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release which was filed in
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9517 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Miles and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express fourth quarter and year-end 2004 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. At that time, [audio difficulties] using your telephone keypad, you will be able to ask a question. I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Ron Stovall. Thank you. Mr. Stovall, you may begin your conference, sir.RON STOVALL, VICE PRESIDENT INVESTOR RELATIONS, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay. Thank you, Miles and welcome to everyone. Appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.Before we get started, it's my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intends, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.&nbsp;Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9972 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express first-quarter 2005 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. At that time, you will be alerted us to how, using your telephone keypad, you will be able to ask a question.I would now like to turn call over to our host, Ron Stovall. Thank you. Mr. Stovall, you may begin your conference.RON STOVALL, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Welcome to everyone -- appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.&nbsp;Before we get started, as usual, I want to just remind you that the discussions today contain certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9770 wordsCorporate Participants* Rick PetrinoAmerican Express Co - IR* Dan HenryAmerican Express Co - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Brian ForanNomura - Analyst* Donald FandettiCitigroup - Analyst* David HochstimBuckingham Research - Analyst* John StilmarSunTrust - Analyst* Brad BallEvercore - Analyst* Bob NapoliWilliam Blair - Analyst* Craig MaurerCLSA - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKBW - Analyst* Rick ShaneJPMorgan - Analyst* Mark DeVriesBarclays - Analyst* Ken BruceMerrill Lynch - Analyst* Moshe OrenbuchCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the American Express first quarter 2012 earnings release. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over Rick Petrino. Please go ahead.RICK PETRINO, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS CO: Thank you. Welcome and thanks, everyone, for joining today's call.Before I turn it over to Dan Henry, I want to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could,
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9403 wordsCorporate Participants* Rick PetrinoAmerican Express Company - IR* Dan HenryAmerican Express Company - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Craig MaurerCLSA Limited - Analyst* Ryan NashGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Don FandettiCitigroup - Analyst* Ken BruceBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Scott ValentinFBR & Co. - Analyst* Chris BrendlerStifel Nicolaus - Analyst&nbsp;* Bill CarcacheNomura Securities Intl (America) - Analyst* Moshe OrenbuchCredit Suisse - Analyst* Mike TaianoTelsey Advisory Group - Analyst* Bob NapoliWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Brad BallEvercore Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the American Express second quarter 2012 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions being given at that time. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded and I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Rick Petrino. Please go ahead.RICK PETRINO, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Welcome. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's call. The discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The
American Express Co	FinalCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP of IR * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Craig Maurer CLSA - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Bill Carcache Macquarie Research Equities - Analyst * Meredith Whitney Meredith Whitney Advisors - Analyst * Jason Arnold RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Mike Taiano Sandler O'Neill & Partners - Analyst * Chris Brendler Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Don Fandetti Citigroup - Analyst * John McDonald Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Scott Valentin FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Bruce Harting Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ken Bruce BofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the American Express fourth quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator instructions).&nbsp;As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ron Stovall. Please go ahead, sir.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS
American Express Co	FinalCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP of IR * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* John McDonald Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Craig Maurer CLSA - Analyst * Betsy Graseck Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Brian Grand Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Meredith Whitney Meredith Whitney Advisors - Analyst * Chris Brendler Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Bill Carcache Macquarie Research - Analyst * David Hochstim Buckingham Research - Analyst * Don Fandetti Citigroup - Analyst * Brad Ball Ladenburg Thalmann - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani KBW - Analyst * Scott Valentin FBR - Analyst * John Stilmar SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the American Express earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Greg, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it's my job to remind you that the discussion today contains
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9354 wordsCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP, IR * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Craig Maurer CLSA - Analyst * Michael Taiano Sandler O'Neill - Analyst * Ken Bruce BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * John McDonald Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Chris Brendler Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Rob Napoli Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Bill Carcache Macquarie Capital - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani KBW - Analyst * Don Fandetti Citigroup - Analyst * Scott Valentin FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * John Stilmar SunTrust - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express second-quarter 2010 earnings release. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead sir.RON STOVALL, SVP, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay. Thank you Greg. And welcome to everyone. Appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it is my job to remind you of certain legal aspects around the call and tell you that this discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business
American Express Co	LENGTH: 10625 wordsCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP of IR * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Rick Shane JPMorgan - Analyst * Ken Bruce BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mike Taiano Sandler O'Neill & Partners - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Betsy Graseck Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Craig Mauer CLSA Limited - Analyst * Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Brad Ball Evercore Partners - Analyst * Bill Carcache Macquarie Research Equities - Analyst * Chris Brendler Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Brian Foran Nomura Securities - Analyst * David Hochstim Buckingham Research - Analyst * Bruce Harting Barclays Capital - Analyst * Don Fandetti Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the American Express fourth-quarter 2010 earnings release. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I'd like to now turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR,
American Express Co	LENGTH: 10327 wordsCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP of IR * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Craig Maurer CLSA Limited - Analyst * Rick Shane JPMorgan - Analyst * Betsy Graseck Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * John Stilmar SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Brian Foran Nomura Securities - Analyst * Ken Bruce BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * James Friedman Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst * Mike Taiano Sandler O'Neill & Partners - Analyst * Bill Carcache Macquarie Research Equities - Analyst * Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Don Fandetti Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by. Welcome to today's American Express first-quarter 2011 earnings release. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded and information on accessing that replay will be given at the end of today's conference.&nbsp;With that, I'd like to turn today's call over to our host, Mr. Ron Stovall, Senior Vice President
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9295 wordsCorporate Participants* Rick PetrinoAmerican Express Company - IR Contact* Dan HenryAmerican Express Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Ryan NashGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Bill CarcacheNomura Asset Management - Analyst* Mark DeVriesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Don FandettiCitigroup - Analyst* Ken Bruce&nbsp;BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Chris BrendlerStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Betsy GraseckMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Brad BallEvercore Partners - Analyst* Moshe OrenbuchCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the American Express first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions, and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Rick Petrino. Please go ahead.RICK PETRINO, IR CONTACT, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Tom. Welcome, and we appreciate everyone joining for today's discussion. The discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and speak only as of today.The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate,
American Express Co	LENGTH: 10764 wordsCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP of IR * Ken Chenault American Express Company - Chairman & CEO * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Chris Brendler Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Craig Maurer Calyon Securities - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * David Hochstim Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Ken Bruce Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Bruce Harting Barclays Capital - Analyst * Kevin Stiroh Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Scott Valentin FBR Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express Q3 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, the SVP of Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: I appreciate all of you for joining us for today's discussion, and certainly want to apologize for the
American Express Co	LENGTH: 10658 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express Q3 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, the SVP of Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: I appreciate all of you for joining us for today's discussion, and certainly want to apologize for the slight delay; we had a couple of issues with our conference provider through the Web.&nbsp;It is my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's
American Express Co	LENGTH: 10179 wordsCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP IR * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Chris Brendler Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * David Hochstim Buckingham Research - Analyst * Bill Carcache Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * Don Fandetti Citi - Analyst * Meredith Whitney Meredith Whitney - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani KBW - Analyst * Ken Bruce Banc of America - Analyst * Jason Arnold RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Rick Shane Jefferies - Analyst * Mike Taiano Sandler O'Neill - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the American Express Q2 '09 earnings call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ron Stovall.RON STOVALL, SVP IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Welcome, and we appreciate all of you for joining us for today's discussion. As usual, it is my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today.The words believe, expect, anticipate,
American Express Co	LENGTH: 10267 wordsCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP IR * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP, CFO * Kenneth Chenault American Express Company - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Meredith Whitney Meredith Whitney Advisory Group LLC - Analyst * John McDonald Sanford C. Bernstein & Company Inc. - Analyst * Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Craig Maurer CLSA - Analyst * Chris Brendler Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Don Fandetti Citigroup - Analyst * Dan Furtado Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Brad Ball Ladenburg Thalmann & Company Inc. - Analyst * Yanni Kololaris Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Scott Valentin Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group, Inc. - Analyst * John Stilmar SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the American Express investor relations third-quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Ron Stovall. Please go ahead.&nbsp;RON STOVALL, SVP IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Gwen, and thanks to all of you for
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9632 wordsCorporate Participants* Rick PetrinoAmerican Express Company - SVP, IR* Dan HenryAmerican Express Company - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Craig MaurerCLSA Limited - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Brian ForanNomura Securities Intl (America) - Analyst* Bruce HartingBarclays Capital - Analyst* Richard ShaneJPMorgan - Analyst* Kenneth BruceBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* John StilmarSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* David HochstimBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Michael TaianoSandler O'Neill & Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express second quarter 2011 earnings release conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions being given at that time. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Rick Petrino. Please go ahead.RICK PETRINO, SVP, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Welcome. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. Before we start the slide presentation, it is my role to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9683 wordsCorporate Participants* Rick PetrinoAmerican Express Company - SVP of IR* Dan HenryAmerican Express Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Don FandettiCitigroup - Analyst* Bob NapoliWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Ryan NashGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Craig MaurerCLSA - Analyst* Brian ForanNomura Securities - Analyst* Betsy GraseckMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Chris BrendlerStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Ken BruceBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express third-quarter 2011 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after the presentation, with instructions being given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Rick Petrino. Please go ahead.RICK PETRINO, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you. Good evening. We appreciate everyone joining us for today's discussion. Before I turn it over to our CFO, Dan Henry, I do need to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9143 wordsCorporate Participants* Rick PetrinoAmerican Express Company - IR* Dan HenryAmerican Express Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Rick ShaneJPMorgan - Analyst* Steven KwokKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Craig MaurerCLSA Limited - Analyst* Bob NapoliWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Mark DeVriesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ryan NashGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Marc LombardoMeredith Whitney Advisory - Analyst* Chris BrendlerStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Brad BallEvercore Partners - Analyst* Scott ValentinFBR Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR:Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the American Express fourth-quarter 2011 earnings release. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions and instructions will be given at that time. If you should require assistance during the call (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to your host, Rick Petrino. Please go ahead, sir.RICK PETRINO, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you. Welcome and thanks for joining us for today's discussion. The discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe,
American Express Co	LENGTH: 8815 wordsCorporate Participants* Rick PetrinoAmerican Express Company - IR Contact* Dan HenryAmerican Express Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Ryan NashGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Mark DeVriesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Craig MaurerCLSA Limited - Analyst* James FriedmanSusquehanna Financial Group - Analyst* Bill CarcacheNomura Securities - Analyst&nbsp;* David HochstimBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Don FandettiCitigroup - Analyst* Chris BrendlerStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Ken BruceBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mike TaianoTelsey Advisory Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the American Express third-quarter 2012 earnings release.At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the conference over to your host, Rick Petrino. Please go ahead, sir.RICK PETRINO, IR CONTACT, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Kathy. Welcome. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.The discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words
American Express Co	LENGTH: 8054 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the 2007 fourth quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time it is my pleasure to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. As usual, it is my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that speaks only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, could, should, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2006 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In the fourth quarter 2007 earnings release and supplement, which are now
American Express Co	LENGTH: 8563 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the American Express first-quarter 2008 earnings conference call.At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions, and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS: Okay, thank you, Tom, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.&nbsp;As usual, it's my role to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identifying forward looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release which was filed
American Express Co	LENGTH: 8651 wordsCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express - SVP IR * Dan Henry American Express - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Meredith Whitney Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Craig Maurer Calyon Securities - Analyst * Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani Keefe Bruyette Woods - Analyst * David Hochstim Bear Stearns - Analyst * Brad Ball Citigroup - Analyst * Eric Wasserstrom UBS - Analyst * Mike Taiano Sandler O'Neill - Analyst * Moshe Orenbuch Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the American Express first-quarter 2008 earnings conference call.&nbsp;At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions, and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS: Okay, thank you, Tom, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it's my role to remind you that the discussion today contains
American Express Co	LENGTH: 11008 wordsCorporate Participants* Ron Stovall American Express Company - SVP, IR * Ken Chenault American Express Company - Chairman & CEO * Dan Henry American Express Company - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Meredith Whitney Oppenheimer - Analyst * Chris Brendler Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Bob Napoli Piper Jaffray - Analyst * David Hochstim Buckingham Research - Analyst * Sanjay Sakhrani KBW - Analyst * Brad Ball Citigroup - Analyst * Howard Shapiro Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * Mike Taiano Sandler O'Neill - Analyst * Eric Wasserstrom UBS - Analyst * Moshe Orenbuch Credit Suisse - Analyst * Scott Valentin FBR Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the American Express 2008 second-quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).&nbsp;As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Tom, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it is my role to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking
American Express Co	LENGTH: 10896 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the American Express 2008 second-quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Stovall. Please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Tom, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it is my role to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties that speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2007 10-K reports already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In the second-quarter 2008 earnings release supplement and presentation
American Express Co	LENGTH: 6447 wordsCorporate Participants* Rick PetrinoAmerican Express Company - IR* Dan HenryAmerican Express Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Bill CarcacheNomura Asset Management - Analyst* Bob NapoliWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Chris DonatSandler O'Neill & Partners - Analyst* Mark DeVriesBarclays Capital - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the American Express fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Rick Petrino. Please go ahead.RICK PETRINO, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you and thanks to everyone for joining us for our Q4 discussion again.The discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earning supplement, which were filed
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9191 wordsCorporate Participants* Rick PetrinoAmerican Express Company - SVP, IR* Jeff CampbellAmerican Express Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Don FandettiCitigroup - Analyst* Craig MaurerCLSA Limited - Analyst* Ryan NashGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Betsy GraseckMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Moshe OrenbuchCredit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;* David HochstimBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Bill CarcacheNomura Securities - Analyst* Sameer GokhaleJanney Capital Markets - Analyst* Bob NapoliWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Mark DeVriesBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the American Express third-quarter 2013 earnings call.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Rick Petrino. Please go ahead, sir.RICK PETRINO, SVP, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you. Welcome. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's call. The discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are based on Management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement, which were filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2012 10-K already on file with the
American Express Co	LENGTH: 9613 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Chris, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Ron Stovall. Thank you. Mr. Stovall, you may begin your conference, sir.RON STOVALL, SVP IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. As usual, it is my job before we start the call to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today.The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, contend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2005 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In the fourth quarter
American Express Co	LENGTH: 5709 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Valerie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express first-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).Thank you. Mr. Stovall, you may begin your conference.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Valerie, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.&nbsp;As usual, before we begin the call, it is my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today.The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2006 10-K report already on file
American Express Co	LENGTH: 7534 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the American Express second quarter 2007 earnings release conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Mr. Stovall, you may begin your conference.RON STOVALL, SVP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you. Welcome. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. As usual, it's my job to remind everyone that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, planning, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2006 10-K report, already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In the second quarter 2007 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our Web site at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles
American Express Co	LENGTH: 8210 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and good afternoon. At this time, I would like to welcome everybody to the American Express third-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Ron Stovall, SVP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you. Welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.&nbsp;As usual, it's my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will and should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2006 10-K report,
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 15111 wordsCorporate Participants* David Brennan AstraZeneca - CEO * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca - CFO * John Patterson AstraZeneca - Executive Director, Development * Tony Zook AstraZeneca - President of MedImmune, CEO, North America and EVP, Global Marketing * Bruno Angelici AstraZeneca - EVP Europe, Japan, Asia Pacific & ROWConference Call Participants* Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Dan Esterim Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Marcel Brand CA Cheuvreux - Analyst * Ken Misochya [Lebrihm Capital] - Analyst * Nick Turner Mirabaud Securities - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Craig Maxwell ING - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's annual results analyst conference. Before I hand over to the auditorium, I would like to read the Safe Harbor statement.&nbsp;The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those in expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 7787 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca PLC - IR * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca PLC - CFO * Ed Seage AstraZeneca PLC - IRConference Call Participants* Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Dani Saurymper Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Marietta Miemietz Societe Generale - Analyst * Naresh Shine ING - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - Analyst * Stan Westenberg [Erman Equity] - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen and Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the AstraZeneca first-quarter results 2009 analysts call. My name is Sharon; I am your event manager today. During the presentation your lines will remain on listen only. (Operator Instructions) I would like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;And now I would like to hand over to your host, Jonathan Hunt. Thank you, Jonathan.JONATHAN HUNT, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to AstraZeneca's first-quarter conference call. Leading today's call is Simon Lowth, CFO of AstraZeneca; and also on the call are members of the finance and the investor relations
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 11902 wordsCorporate Participants* Pascal SoriotAstraZeneca plc - Executive Director, CEO* Simon LowthAstraZeneca plc - CFO* Briggs MorrisonAstraZeneca plc - EVP, Global Medicines Development* Marc DunoyerAstraZeneca plc - EVP for Product Strategy, M&A and Business DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Tim AndersonSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Andrew BaumCiti - Analyst* Peter Verdult&nbsp;Morgan Stanley - Analyst* James GordonJPMorgan - Analyst* Keyur ParekhGoldman Sachs & Co. - Analyst* Kerry HolfordCredit Suisse - Analyst* Sachin JainBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mattias HaggblomDanske Bank Markets - Analyst* Lars HevrengSEB Enskilda - AnalystPresentationPASCAL SORIOT, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Hello, everybody; it's Pascal Soriot here from AstraZeneca. It's really a pleasure to welcome you to our Q2 and half-year conference.It is my pleasure to introduce some of our team members here, Simon Lowth, of course, our CFO; but also Briggs Morrison, our EVP for Global Medical Development; and Marc Dunoyer, who is our EVP for Product Strategy, M&A and Business Development. We're also here in the room together with some of our finance and investor relations team members.So I would like to start by first giving you a high level summary of the highlights for the quarter as I see them. Second quarter revenue was down by 4%
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 12258 wordsDAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Okay. Thank you, Jon. Well, good afternoon everyone. I apologize for the brief delay in getting us started here but we can get started now. So, I'd like to welcome you all to this presentation of our financial results for AstraZeneca, for both the fourth quarter and the full year for 2005. We'll also be discussing today our guidance for 2006 and some updates on information about our pipeline, so we have plenty to cover.I'm David Brennan, Chief Executive Officer of AstraZeneca. I'm joined for today's presentation by my two Executive Board colleagues, Jon Symonds, our Chief Financial Officer, and Dr. John Patterson, Executive Director for Development, and you will hear from both of them later. We also have several other members of our Executive Team here with us today, and they'll also be available to answer questions for you.&nbsp;Jon Symonds will take you through the details of our financial performance in a few minutes. But as you can see here from the headline results, 2005 was an exceptional year for AstraZeneca. Sales were just under $24,b up 12% as reported. And at constant exchange rates, growth was 10%, which is ahead of
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 7358 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's Q1 results teleconference AstraZeneca. For your information, this conference is being recorded. At that time for opening remarks, I would like to hand the call over to Mr. Jonathan Hunt. Please go ahead, sir.JONATHAN HUNT, IR, ASTRAZENECA: Thank you, operator, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Chairing the call today from London is AstraZeneca's Chief Financial Officer, Jon Symonds. We also have on the call Dr. Mike Rance, Vice President of Corporate Affairs, and, of course, the rest of the IR team.Before I hand over to Jon, I'd like to read the following. The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jon.&nbsp;JON SYMONDS, CFO, ASTRAZENECA: Thank you, John, and good afternoon, everyone. I intend to follow our
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 10303 wordsUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's half year conference call. During the call today, AstraZeneca's Chief Executive, David Brennan. Also on the call are Chief Financial Officer, Jon Symonds, and Executive Director of Development, John Patterson. We're also joined by the Investor Relations team.Before I hand over to David, I'd like to read the following statement. The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performances of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.With that, I'll now turn the call over to David.&nbsp;DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA: Thank you, Jonathan, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. As you'll have seen in the press release issued earlier today, AstraZeneca has achieved another excellent quarterly financial performance. Here are the headline figures for the second quarter. Sales were just over $6.6 billion, an increase of 8%, as reported, and a 10% increase on a constant
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 8458 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to today's AstraZeneca Q3 analyst conference call. For your information this call is being recorded. At this time I would like to hand the call over to your host today, Mr. Jonathan Hunt, please go ahead sir.JONATHAN HUNT, HEAD OF IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you operator, and welcome ladies and gentlemen. Chairing the call today is AstraZeneca's Chief Financial Officer, Jon Symonds. We're also joined by Dr. John Patterson, Executive Director of Development, and the Investor Relations team.Before I start I would like to read the following statement. The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on the call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.Before we move to the financial performance with Jon Symonds I want to hand over to John Patterson to make a few remarks on this morning's other announcement, the NXY SAINT II
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 10857 wordsED SEAGE, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the AstraZeneca Second Quarter and Half-Year Results conference call. Chairing the call today is Sir Tom McKillop, AstraZeneca's Chief Executive. We also have David Brennan, Executive Director North America, Jon Symonds, the Chief Financial Officer, and Dr. John Patterson, Executive Director Development.Before we begin, I'd like to make -- remind participants that the Company intends to make use of the Safe Harbor provision of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Speakers on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the financial conditions, results of operations and business prospects for AstraZeneca. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. There are a number of factors that can cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.I'll now turn the call over to Sir Tom McKillop. Tom.&nbsp;SIR TOM MCKILLOP, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Ed, and good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I thank you for joining this conference. It's a pleasure to be presenting such excellent results. But before we start analyzing these, a few words on
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 8012 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca plc - IR * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca plc - CFO, Executive Director * Ed Pierson AstraZeneca plc - Global Early Development Project ManagerConference Call Participants* Brian Bordeaux Barclays Capital - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Simon Johnson Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - Analyst * Gavin Macgregor Credit Suisse - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citi - Analyst * Justin Smith MF Global - Analyst * Mattias Haggblom Danske Markets Equities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to AstraZeneca's third quarter and nine months' results analyst call. Mine name's Sharon and I'm your event manager.&nbsp;Throughout the conference your lines will remain on listen-only (Operator Instructions). I'd like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded, and now I'd like to hand over to Jonathan Hunt. Thank you, Jonathan.JONATHAN HUNT, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Sharon, and good afternoon and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's third quarter conference call. Leading today's call is Simon Lowth, CFO of AstraZeneca. Also on the call are members of the finance and investor relations team.But as usual, before I had over
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 7586 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's third quarter results conference call. For your information, today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Ed Seage. Please go ahead sir.ED SEAGE, IR, ASTRAZENECA: Thank you operator and good day everyone. Chairing the call today is John Symonds, our Chief Financial Officer. We're joined by Mike Rand, Vice President Corporate Affairs, and our Investor Relations team.Before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to read the following statement.&nbsp;The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Act 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and the financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and results may differ materially from that expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.I'll now turn the call over to John Symonds. John?JOHN SYMONDS, CFO, ASTRAZENECA: Thank you Ed and good afternoon everyone. On this call I'll cover the following topics - the headline results; the exceptional items in
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 11439 wordsSIR TOM MCKILLOP, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to AstraZeneca's annual results presentation. 2004 was quite a year for AstraZeneca. And today I'm joined by John Patterson, our newly appointed Executive Director for Development and Jon Symonds, Chief Financial Officer to discuss last year's performance and how we are approaching the period ahead.First, the headline results. And by any measure these were strong. Sales of $24.1 billion were up 14% as reported and 9% in constant currency. Operating profit increased by 15% in constant currency. And earnings per share before exceptional items were $2.11, up 18% from last year.The board has recommended increasing the dividend by 18%, bringing the total for the year to $0.94. In addition, the company used its excellent cash flow to repurchase just over $2.2 billion worth of our shares, nearly double the level of 2003.&nbsp;The fourth quarter was very strong with sales up 16% and operating profit up 68% in constant currency. After significant investments in both R&D and sales and marketing, we are now seeing the benefits of our product (inaudible) benefits feeding through to the bottom line. Jon Symonds will take you through the details
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 7762 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's AstraZeneca Q1 results conference call. For your information, today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to hand the call over to your host today, Mr. Seage. Please go ahead, sir.ED SEAGE, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, operator, and good day, ladies and gentlemen. I am Ed Seage, Investor Relations for AstraZeneca. Chairing our call today is Jon Symonds, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining on the question-and-answer period is Mike Rance, Vice President of Corporate Affairs, and the rest of our Investor Relations team.Before we begin I would like to remind the participants that the Company intends to make use of the Safe Harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Speakers on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the financial conditions, results of operations, and business prospects for AstraZeneca. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.&nbsp;I will now turn the
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 13919 wordsCorporate Participants* David Brennan AstraZeneca PLC - CEO * Martin Mackay AstraZeneca PLC - President of R&D * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca PLC - CFO * Tony Zook AstraZeneca PLC - EVP, Global Commercial * Jeff Pott AstraZeneca - General CounselConference Call Participants* Jo Walton Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Purcell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Sachin Jain BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Peter Verdult Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Keyur Parekh Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mattias Haggblom Danske Markets - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Nicolas Godet Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Justin Smith MF Global - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's annual results analysts' conference. Before I hand over to the auditorium, I'd like to read the Safe Harbor statement.&nbsp;The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements in respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 7160 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca Plc - IR * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca Plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Gavin MacGregor Credit Suisse - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Peter Verdult Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen - Analyst * Brian Bordeaux Barclays Capital - Analyst * Michael Leacock RBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the AstraZeneca first quarter results 2011 analyst call hosted by Simon Lowth. My name is Sharon. I'm your event manager today. All parties remain on listen-only until the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;I'd like to advise all parties that this conference is being recorded. And now I'd like to hand over to Jonathan Hunt who will read the Safe Harbor statement. Thank you Jonathan.JONATHAN HUNT, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Sharon. Good afternoon and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to our first quarter results analyst conference call. Leading today's call is Simon Lowth. Also on the call are members of the IR and the finance team.Before I hand over to Simon, let me just remind us of the Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 14588 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca Plc - IR * David Brennan AstraZeneca Plc - CEO * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca Plc - CFO * Martin Mackay AstraZeneca Plc - President, R&D * Tony Zook AstraZeneca Plc - Executive VP, Global CommercialConference Call Participants* Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C Bernstein & Co LLC - Analyst * Peter Verdult Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Andrea Bici Martin Currie - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen & Company - Analyst * Mark Clark Deutsche Bank Research - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Gavin Macgregor Credit Suisse - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann & Co - Analyst * Mark Purcell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Naresh Chouhan Liberum - Analyst * Mattias Haggblom Danske Markets - AnalystPresentationJONATHAN HUNT, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, and welcome to AstraZeneca's second quarter, and half year results analyst conference call. Chairing today's call will be David Brennan, CEO of AstraZeneca. Joining David are Simon Lowth, CFO; Tony Zook, Executive Vice President for our Global Commercial organization; and Martin Mackay, President of R&D. As ever, the IR and finance teams are also on hand.&nbsp;Before I hand over to David, I'd
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 9874 wordsCorporate Participants* David BrennanAstraZeneca PLC - CEO* Simon LowthAstraZeneca PLC - CFO* Ed PiersonAstraZeneca PLC - Global Early Development Project Manager* Karl HardAstraZeneca PLC - Director IRConference Call Participants* Sachin JainBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Alexandra HauberJPMorgan - Analyst* Gbola AmusaUBS - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationDAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Okay. Well hello, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter results' call. This is David Brennan. Simon Lowth is also here with me and he's going to run you through the financial results in just a moment.Before I ask him to do that, I wanted to make a few comments about the announcement about my decision to retire as Chief Executive Officer, which we announced this morning.After more than six years in one of the best jobs in the industry, and a challenging job at that, I think the time is right now to stand aside and to pass the reins to a new leader. I think the Board made a good decision in appointing Simon as Interim Chief Executive, as of June 1, and I'll hand over my responsibilities to Simon on that date as well.Putting Simon in place as Interim CEO has my full support.
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 13354 wordsCorporate Participants* Simon LowthAstraZeneca Plc - Interim CEO* Tony ZookAstraZeneca Plc - EVP, Global Commercial Operations* Julie BrownAstraZeneca Plc - Interim CFO* Martin MackayAstraZeneca, PLC - President, Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Gbola AmusaUBS - Analyst* James GordonJPMorgan - Analyst* Peter VerdultMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst&nbsp;* Brian BourdoBarclays Capital - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann Plc - Analyst* Mark ClarkDeutsche Bank Research - Analyst* Matthew WestonCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jeff HolfordJefferies & Co - Analyst* Keyur ParekhGoldman Sachs & Co - Analyst* Damien ConoverMorningstar - Analyst* Naresh ChouhanLiberum Capital - Analyst* Steve ScalaCowen & Company - AnalystPresentationSIMON LOWTH, INTERIM CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Well, welcome, ladies and gentlemen, and thanks for joining our second quarter results conference call and webcast. After my brief opening remarks, you'll hear from Tony Zook, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; followed by Julie Brown, Interim Chief Financial Officer. We're also joined by Martin Mackay, President of Research & Development, who will be here to participate in the Q&A session; and of course, members of the Investor Relations Team as well.Our second quarter, and indeed our first half financial performance, reflects a revenue profile that was expected. Given the
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 7614 wordsJONATHAN PATTERSON, EVP DRUG DEVELOPMENT, ASTRAZENECA PLC: [Audio started in progress] Mike Rance, Vice President Corporate Affairs and Ed Seage Director of Investor Relations. Before I hand over to Jon I'd like to read the following statement.The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. I will now turn the call over to you Jon.JON SYMONDS, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you Jonathan and good afternoon everyone. I tend to follow a usual agenda on this call, to firstly review the headline numbers, to go through the key product highlights, provide some commentary on cost trends, margins and currency, concluding with our latest thinking on the outlook for the full year. I will then hand you over -- back to the operator for questions.&nbsp;First the headline results. We delivered another excellent quarterly performance, in line with the
AstraZeneca PLC	FinalCorporate Participants* David Brennan AstraZeneca PLC - CEO * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca PLC - CFO * Anders Ekblom AstraZeneca PLC - EVP, Development * Bruno Angelici AstraZeneca PLC - EVP, Europe, Japan, Asia Pacific & ROW * Tony Zook AstraZeneca PLC - President, MedImmune, CEO, North America and EVP, Global Marketing * Jeff Pott AstraZeneca PLC - General CounselConference Call Participants* Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Purcell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citi - Analyst * Michael Leacock RBS - Analyst * Sachin Jain Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Geoff Holchrist Jefferies - Analyst * Nick Tennent [Miraba] - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's Annual Results Analyst Conference. Before I hand over to the auditorium, I would like to read the Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and results may
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 7972 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca plc - IR - UK * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca plc - CFO * Ed Seage AstraZeneca plc - Executive Director of IR, USConference Call Participants* Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Keyur Parekh Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen and Company - Analyst * Gavin MacGregor Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Clark Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann - Analyst * Michael Leacock Royal Bank of Scotland - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the AstraZeneca first-quarter results 2010 analyst call, hosted by Simon Lowth, Chief Financial Officer. My name is Sharon. I'm your event manager today. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen only. (Operator Instructions). I would like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And now I'd like to hand over to Jonathan Hunt for an introduction. Thank you, Jonathan.&nbsp;JONATHAN HUNT, IR - UK, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's first-quarter results conference call.
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 7972 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca plc - IR - UK * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca plc - CFO * Ed Seage AstraZeneca plc - Executive Director of IR, USConference Call Participants* Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Keyur Parekh Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen and Company - Analyst * Gavin MacGregor Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Clark Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann - Analyst * Michael Leacock Royal Bank of Scotland - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the AstraZeneca first-quarter results 2010 analyst call, hosted by Simon Lowth, Chief Financial Officer. My name is Sharon. I'm your event manager today. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen only. (Operator Instructions). I would like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And now I'd like to hand over to Jonathan Hunt for an introduction. Thank you, Jonathan.&nbsp;JONATHAN HUNT, IR - UK, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's first-quarter results conference call.
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 14120 wordsCorporate Participants* David Brennan AstraZeneca PLC - CEO * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca PLC - CFO * Anders Ekblom AstraZeneca PLC - EVP, Global Medicines DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Sachin Jain BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Gavin MacGregor Credit Suisse - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Marcel Brand CA Cheuvreux - Analyst * Lars Hevreng SEB Enskilda Inc. - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's half-year results analyst conference. Before I hand over to David Brennan, I'd like to read the Safe Harbor statement.&nbsp;The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements. (Operator Instructions). I will now hand over to AstraZeneca headquarters
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 15294 wordsCorporate Participants* James Ward-LilleyAstraZeneca plc - IR* Pascal SoriotAstraZeneca plc - Chief Executive Officer* Briggs MorrisonAstraZeneca plc - Executive Vice President for Global Medicines Development* Simon LowthAstraZeneca plc - Chief Financial Officer* Ruud DobberAstraZeneca plc - Commercial Head for the European RegionConference Call Participants* Amit RoyNomura International plc - Analyst&nbsp;* Sachin JainBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Alexandra HauberJPMorgan - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC - Analyst* Savvas NeophytouPanmure Gordon & Co. Ltd. - Analyst* Peter VerdultMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jo WaltonCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's Full Year Results analyst conference. Before I hand over to James Ward-Lilley in the auditorium, I'd like to read the safe harbor statement.The Company intends to utilize the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca.By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. There will be an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentations.(Operator Instructions).
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 9266 wordsCorporate Participants* Simon LowthAstraZeneca PLC - CFO* Ed SeageAstraZeneca PLC - IR* Karl HardAstraZeneca PLC - Director, Investor Relations* James Ward-LilleyAstraZeneca PLC - VP, Investor RelationsConference Call Participants* Tim AndersonSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Peter VerdultMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Sachin JainBank of America - Analyst* Matthew WestonCredit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;* Steve ScalaCowen - Analyst* Brian BourdotBarclays - Analyst* Mattias HaggblomDanske Bank Markets - Analyst* Nicolas GuyonExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann - Analyst* Mark ClarkDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's first-quarter results analyst conference. Before I hand over to Simon Lowth I'd like to read the Safe Harbor statement.The Company appends to these slides the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. Although we believe our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, by their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and may be influenced by factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.Any forward-looking statements made on this call reflect the knowledge and information available
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 13767 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca PLC - IRO * David Brennan AstraZeneca PLC - CEO * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca PLC - CFO * Dr. John Patterson AstraZeneca PLC - Executive Director, DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Marcel Brand Cheuvreux - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Brian Bourdot Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jo Walton Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Tim Franklin Dresdner Bank - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Marietta Miemietz Societe Generale - Analyst * Mattias Haggblom Danske Bank - AnalystPresentationJONATHAN HUNT, IRO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen to AstraZeneca's second quarter and half year 2008 results conference call.&nbsp;Chairing today's call is David Brennan, CEO of AstraZeneca. Also on the call are Simon Lowth, Chief Financial Officer, and Dr. John Patterson, Executive Director of Development as well as the Investor Relations team.Before I hand over the call to David, I'd like to read the customary Safe Harbor statement.The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward looking statements with respect to the operations
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 13664 wordsJONATHAN HUNT, IRO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen to AstraZeneca's second quarter and half year 2008 results conference call.Chairing today's call is David Brennan, CEO of AstraZeneca. Also on the call are Simon Lowth, Chief Financial Officer, and Dr. John Patterson, Executive Director of Development as well as the Investor Relations team.Before I hand over the call to David, I'd like to read the customary Safe Harbor statement.The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca, and by their very nature forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward looking statements.&nbsp;And with that, I'll now turn the call over to David.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good Jonathan, thank you. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, also, for joining us on our webcast and our conference call. And as Jonathan said, we'll cover second quarter and half year 2008 financial results.The program
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 8063 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca PLC - IR, UK * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca PLC - CFO * Ed Seage AstraZeneca PLC - IR, USConference Call Participants* Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citi - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Michael Leacock Royal Bank of Scotland - Analyst * Marietta Miemietz Societe Generale - Analyst * Tim Franklin Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Marcel Brand CA Chevreux - Analyst * Stephen Scala SG Cowen - Analyst * Mattias Haggblom Danske Bank - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the AstraZeneca third quarter and nine months conference call. My name is Jan and I'm your event manager today. During the presentation your line will remain on listen only. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Now I'd like to hand over to Jonathan Hunt. Thank you.&nbsp;JONATHAN HUNT, IR, UK, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's third quarter results conference call. Chairing today's call is Simon Lowth, CFO of AstraZeneca. Also on the call are members of the finance and Investor Relations team.Before I
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 14398 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca Plc - IR Officer * David Brennan AstraZeneca Plc - CEO * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca Plc - CFO * Anders Ekblom AstraZeneca Plc - EVP, DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Kevin Scotcher Liberum Capital - Analyst * Marcel Brand CA Cheuvreux - Analyst * Sachin Jain Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jeff Holford Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Dani Saurymper Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Lars Hevreng Enskilda - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen & Co - AnalystPresentationJONATHAN HUNT, IR OFFICER, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's half-year results conference call and webcast. Leading today's call is David Brennan, CEO of AstraZeneca. Joining David are Simon Lowth, CFO, and Anders Ekblom, Executive Vice President, Development. Also on the call are members of the finance and the investor relations team.&nbsp;Before I hand over to David, I'd like to read the usual Safe Harbor Statement. The Company intends to use the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 9480 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca PLC - IR * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca PLC - CFO * Anders Ekblom AstraZeneca PLC - EVP DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Sachin Jain BAS-ML - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Matthew Weston Credit Suisse - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Lars Hevreng SEB Enskilda Inc. - Analyst * Marcel Brand CA Cheuvreux - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the AstraZeneca third-quarter results 2009 analysts' -- analyst call. My name is Sharon, and I'm your conference event manager. (Operator Instructions). I would like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded for replay purposes, and now I'd like to hand over to Jonathan Hunt. Thank you, Jonathan.&nbsp;JONATHAN HUNT, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the third-quarter results conference call. Leading today's call is Simon Lowth, CFO of AstraZeneca. Joining Simon for the Q&A session is Anders Ekblom, Executive Vice President, Development, and also on the call are members of the finance and the investor relations team.Before I head over
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 10170 wordsCorporate Participants* Karl HardAstraZeneca plc - IR Director* Simon LowthAstraZeneca plc - CFO* Ed PiersonAstraZeneca plc - Global Early Development Project ManagerConference Call Participants* Michael LeacockRBS - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C Bernstein & Co LLC - Analyst* Gbola AmusaUBS - Analyst* Peter VerdultMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Kerry HolfordCredit Suisse - Analyst* Brian BourdoBarclays Capital - Analyst* Alexandra HauberJPMorgan - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Co - Analyst* Mark ClarkDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Mattias HaggblomDanske Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to AstraZeneca's third quarter results analyst conference hosted by Simon Lowth, Chief Financial Officer. My name is Sharon, I'm your event manager today. All parties remain on listen-only until the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). I'd like to advise all parties, this conference is being recorded. And now, I'd like to hand over to Karl Hard, who will read the safe harbor statement. Thank you.KARL HARD, IR DIRECTOR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon. Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's third quarter results analyst conference call. Before I handover to Simon Lowth, I would like to read a safe harbor statement.The Company intends to utilize the safe harbor provisions of the
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 16193 wordsCorporate Participants* David BrennanAstraZeneca plc - CEO* Simon LowthAstraZeneca plc - CFO* Martin MackayAstraZeneca plc - President, Research & Development* Tony ZookAstraZeneca plc - EVP, Global Commercial OperationsConference Call Participants* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Brian BourdotBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Sachin JainBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Alex EvansDeutsche Bank Securities - Analyst* Mark ClarkDeutsche Bank Research - Analyst* Savvas NeophytouPanmure Gordon - Analyst* Alexandra HauberJPMorgan Cazenove - Analyst* Mattias HaggblomDanske Markets - Analyst* Michael LeacockRBS - Analyst* Keyur ParekhGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to AstraZeneca's full-year results analysts' conference. The meeting is scheduled to start in a short while. Firstly, a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements.The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements in respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed by those forward-looking statements.The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. Information about the principal risks which may affect the Company can be found in the Company's
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 9361 wordsCorporate Participants* James Ward-LilleyAstraZeneca PLC - IR* Pascal SoriotAstraZeneca PLC - CEO* Simon LowthAstraZeneca PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Sachin JainBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Peter VerdultMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Alexandra HauberJPMorgan - Analyst* Matthias HaggblomDanske Markets - Analyst&nbsp;* Nicolas GuyonExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Jo WaltonCredit Suisse - Analyst* Mark DaintyCitigroup - Analyst* Lars HevrengSEB Enskilda - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AstraZeneca's third quarter results analysts' conference.Before I hand over to James Ward-Lilley, I'd like to read the Safe Harbor Statement. The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from these expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.There will be an opportunity to ask questions at the end of the presentations. (Operator Instructions).We'll now cross you to AstraZeneca's headquarters, where James Ward-Lilley will start the meeting in a few moments.JAMES WARD-LILLEY, IR,
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 15303 wordsCorporate Participants* David Brennan AstraZeneca PLC - CEO * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca PLC - CFO * John Patterson AstraZeneca PLC - Executive Director, Development * Tony Zook AstraZeneca PLC - EVP, North America * Bruno Angelici AstraZeneca PLC - EVP, Internal Sales and MarketingConference Call Participants* Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jo Walton Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ira Dass Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Mark Purcell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Bolam Yusef UBS - Analyst * Savvas Neophytou Panmure Gordon - Analyst * Mary Letterman Societe Generale - AnalystPresentationDAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Well, good afternoon everyone. Welcome to AstraZeneca's review of our 2007 performance. In addition to hearing from me today, which, depending on how my cold goes, John's my rescue man if something goes down here with my throat. Simon Lowth, our Chief Financial Officer and John will also be making more in depth presentations; Simon on the financials, John taking you through the changes and the activities that are really driving our view of our pipeline.&nbsp;And then there are several of
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 15182 wordsDAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Well, good afternoon everyone. Welcome to AstraZeneca's review of our 2007 performance. In addition to hearing from me today, which, depending on how my cold goes, John's my rescue man if something goes down here with my throat. Simon Lowth, our Chief Financial Officer and John will also be making more in depth presentations; Simon on the financials, John taking you through the changes and the activities that are really driving our view of our pipeline.And then there are several of our Executive team are here, notably from the Rest of World business is Bruno Angelici, and then Tony Zook, who runs North America as well as our Global Marketing Group. They'll pitch in during the Q&A session with any questions you have that are specific to them. I'm sure there will be some.We're looking forward to the review this afternoon to talk about how our business performed over the course of the last year, to talk about the prospects for the future and then to engage in discussion with you and to answer any questions that you might have.&nbsp;Now, despite the increasingly challenging environment that affects the research-based industry that we're part
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 8147 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the AstraZeneca quarter one results analysts conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jonathan Hunt. Please go ahead, sir.JONATHAN HUNT, IRO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, operator, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Chairing today's call is Simon Lowth, Chief Financial Officer with AstraZeneca. We've also got the IR team and some of the finance team on the call as well. As you know, today we also have our AGM, which starts immediately after this call, so we will be focusing on running to time today. But before I hand over the call to Simon, I'd like to read the usual Safe Harbor statement.The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca, and by their very nature forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.With that, I'll now turn the call
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 8260 wordsCorporate Participants* Jonathan Hunt AstraZeneca PLC - IRO * Simon Lowth AstraZeneca PLC - CFO * Ed Seage AstraZeneca PLC - IRO, USConference Call Participants* John Murphy Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Marcel Brand Cheuvreux - Analyst * Kevin Scotcher HSBC - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Michael Leacock ABN Amro - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen & Company - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber Bear Stearns - Analyst * Mattias Haggblom Danske Markets - Analyst * Alexander Lindstrom ABG - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the AstraZeneca quarter one results analysts conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jonathan Hunt. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;JONATHAN HUNT, IRO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, operator, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Chairing today's call is Simon Lowth, Chief Financial Officer with AstraZeneca. We've also got the IR team and some of the finance team on the call as well. As you know, today we also have our AGM, which
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 11017 wordsCorporate Participants* Pascal SoriotAstraZeneca PLC - CEO* Simon LowthAstraZeneca PLC - CFO* Briggs MorrisonAstraZeneca PLC - CMO, EVP Global Medical Development* Marc DunoyerAstraZeneca PLC - Incoming CFOConference Call Participants* James GordonJPMorgan - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Amy WalkerMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Andrew Baum&nbsp;Citigroup - Analyst* Kerry HolfordCredit Suisse - Analyst* Lars HevrengSEB - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Mark ClarkDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Damien ConoverMorningstar - Analyst* Naresh ChouhanLiberum Capital Limited - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to AstraZeneca's third-quarter and nine-month analyst conference. Before I hand over to Pascal Soriot, I'd like to read the Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor Provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. Although we believe our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, by their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and may be influenced by factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made on this call
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 13015 wordsDAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Okay. Well, good afternoon from London. Good morning to some of you who are listening in other places, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our annual results presentation for 2006. We are, for the next 90 minutes or so, we plan to review our performance from 2006, including giving you some insight into what drove that performance, and how we believe that will position us for the coming years. We'll also review the status of the pipeline and the progress we've made in R&D during the last year, as well as what we're expecting during 2007. And, finally, we'll open the floor to questions to address what's on your mind, what you'd like to talk about.I'm joined on the podium today by Jon Symonds and John Patterson, and you will be hearing from each of them in just a few minutes. We also have with us today for the Q&A session, as well as for after the session when we have some coffee, some key members of our management team. So if there are specific questions you have you can feel free to seek them out.&nbsp;A year ago I stood on this platform
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 8608 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's AstraZeneca analysts' conference call. For your information, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Jonathan Hunt. Please go ahead, sir.JONATHAN HUNT, IRO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Operator, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Here with me in New York is David Brennan, Chief Executive of AstraZeneca, and Jon Symonds, Chief Financial Officer. Joining the call today by telephone from Cambridge is Dr. John Patterson, Executive Director of Development for AstraZeneca, and also joining by phone from their headquarters in Maryland is David Mott, CEO of MedImmune.Before I hand over to David, I'd like to read the following statement. The companies intend to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca and MedImmune. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The companies undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements.I will now turn the
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 8608 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's AstraZeneca analysts' conference call. For your information, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Jonathan Hunt. Please go ahead, sir.JONATHAN HUNT, IRO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Operator, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Here with me in New York is David Brennan, Chief Executive of AstraZeneca, and Jon Symonds, Chief Financial Officer. Joining the call today by telephone from Cambridge is Dr. John Patterson, Executive Director of Development for AstraZeneca, and also joining by phone from their headquarters in Maryland is David Mott, CEO of MedImmune.Before I hand over to David, I'd like to read the following statement. The companies intend to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca and MedImmune. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The companies undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements.I will now turn the
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 16448 wordsDAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Well good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us this afternoon, welcome to our meeting where our goal is to review with you our financial results for the first half of the year and discuss some very important aspects, some of the things that are going on, changes that are taking place in our business.I will start the meeting with an overview of results and where we stand, as well as the work that we've been doing to address our productivity challenge, and the challenge that I laid down to our entire organization in February, when we reported the beginning of our restructuring program.I will then ask John Patterson to come up and provide you with an update to the changes in the pipeline, as well as our R&D productivity initiatives, since we last reviewed this comprehensively with you when we were together in February.&nbsp;Then finally here at his last AstraZeneca quarterly results meeting, Jon Symonds is here, and he will take you through the financial data as usual. At the end of that we will take questions both from you here with us in London, as well as folks that are online,
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 9456 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to the AstraZeneca Q3 results analysts conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jonathan Hunt please go ahead sir.JONATHAN HUNT, IRO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Operator, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Chairing today's call is David Brennan, CEO of AstraZeneca. Also on the call is Paul Kenyon, Group Financial Controller and the Investor Relations team.Before I hand over to David, I'd like to read the usual statement. The company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca and by their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.I will now turn over to David.&nbsp;DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Great Jonathan. Thank you. And let me add my welcome to all of you as we spend some time here to discuss our third quarter financial performance.Third quarter really reflects continued
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 10123 wordsSIR TOM MCKILLOP, CEO, ASTRA ZENECA PLC: Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our Annual Results Conference.2003 was in many ways a remarkable year for our Company. In these opening comments I want to highlight some of the accomplishments. But, more importantly I want to show how the results for 2003 lay the foundation for a new era of strong growth.Jon will take you through the results in more detail, including some excellent product performances.&nbsp;First the headline results. Reported sales of $18.849b were up 6% in actual terms or flat at constant currency. A remarkable achievement bearing in mind the daunting task of replacing sales lost to generic competition, some $2.7b in the US alone. This performance confirms the strength of our sales and marketing forces around the world.Operating profit at constant exchange rates was down 11%. However, reflecting the investments we were making in R&D and marketing to drive the growth portfolio. As a result, EPS for the full-year were $1.78 representing a 3% increase at CER on a statutory basis. But, down 9% after stripping out last year(TM)s exceptional items.You will recall that the dividend was increased by 10% at the half-year. The Board has recommended a
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 7507 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the AstraZeneca First Quarter Results briefing conference call. For your information this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time I would like the turn the call over to Mr. Ed Seage. Please go ahead sir.ED SEAGE, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you operator and good day everyone. Joining me on the call today is our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Symonds and of course Mike Rand, Director of Investor Relations team here in London.Before I turn the call over to Jon, I'd like to read the following statement. The Company intends to utilize the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995.&nbsp;Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Results may differ materially from that expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.With that I'll turn it over to Jon Symonds. John.JON SYMONDS, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you Ed and good afternoon everyone. As it's late in the day, at least in Europe, I'll be brief with
AstraZeneca PLC	LENGTH: 8533 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the AstraZeneca half year results briefing conference call. For your information, this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Ed Seage. Please go ahead sir.ED SEAGE, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you operator and good day everyone. Joining me on the call today is Sir Tom McKillop, AstraZeneca Chief Executive and Jon Symonds, our Chief Financial Officer and, of course, our Investor Relations team.Before I turn the call over to Tom I'd like to read the following statement. The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and results may differ materially from that expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.&nbsp;I'll now turn the call over to Tom McKillop. Tom?SIR TOM MCKILLOP, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you Ed. And, good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Good results for the
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 12032 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to The Boeing Company's fourth quarter 2003 and year end results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media questions and answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I am turning the call over to Mr. David Donellek, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Please go ahead.DAVE DONELLEK (ph), VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you. Welcome to the Boeing fourth quarter and full year 2003 earnings conference call. I'm Dave Donellek, Vice President of Investor Relations. You can follow our broadcast at our website, www.boeing.com. If for any reason you are unable to reach us through the Internet please access our Investor Relations website later today when all information will be posted. With me today are Harry Stonecipher, Boeing Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, our Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Harry and James we will take your questions. As always we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. To allow us more time for your questions, James will focus
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 11948 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day everyone and welcome to The Boeing Company's first quarter 2004 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question and answer session, are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time for opening remarks and introductions I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead, sir.DAVID DOHNALEK, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and welcome to the Boeing first quarter earnings conference call. I'm Dave Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations. You can follow our company broadcast at our website at www.boeing.com. If for any reason you are unable to reach us through the Internet, please access our investor relations website later today when all information will be posted.&nbsp;With me today are Harry Stonecipher, Boeing's Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, our Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Harry and James we will take your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one single part question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9320 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company second-quarter 2004 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analysts and media question-and-answer session are being broadcast live over the internet.At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I am now turning the conference over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead.DAVID DOHNALEK, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and welcome to the Boeing second-quarter earnings conference call. I'm Dave Dohnalek, and with me today are Harry Stonecipher, Boeing's Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, our Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments from Harry and James, we will take your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one, single-part question. As always, we provide a detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. As a reminder, you can follow today's company broadcast through our website at boeing.com.&nbsp;Now before we start, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks and uncertainties. The assumptions behind our
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 11136 wordsCorporate Participants* Diana Sands The Boeing Company - VP of IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President & CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - EVP, Corporate President & CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP of Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Ron Epstein BAS-ML - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Cai von Rumohr Cowen and Company - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Rob Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Company - Analyst * James Wallace Seattle Post-Intelligencer - Media * Joseph Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Bill Rigby Reuters - Media * Ann Keeton Dow Jones - Media * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Media * Lynn Lunsford Wall Street Journal - Media * Susanna Ray Bloomberg News - Media * Kevin Dunne Financial Times - Media * Robert Stallard Macquarie Securities - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's fourth quarter and 2008 year-end earnings conference call. Today's call
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 11097 wordsCorporate Participants* Diana Sands The Boeing Company - VP of IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - Corporate President, CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP, Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Ron Epstein Banc of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies - Analyst * Robert Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Joe Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Myles Walton Oppenheimer - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan - Analyst * Cai Von Rumohr Cowen and Company - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Sam Pearlstein Wachovia Securities - Analyst * Robert Stallard Macquarie Research - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citi - Analyst * Susannah Ray Bloomberg - Media * Ann Keaton Dow Jones - Media * Dominic Gates The Seattle Times - Media * Molly McMillan Wichita Eagle - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10386 wordsCorporate Participants* Troy LahrBoeing Co - VP, IR* Jim McNerneyBoeing Co - Chairman, President, CEO* Greg SmithBoeing Co - CFO* Tom DowneyBoeing Co - SVP Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Joe NadolJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Doug HarnedSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Robert SpingarnCredit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;* Cai von RumohrCowen and Company - Analyst* Sam PearlsteinWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Carter CopelandBarclays Capital - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Company - Analyst* Robert StallardRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Ron EpsteinBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* John GeelanMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Noah PoponakGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jason GurskyCitigroup - Analyst* Jon OstrowerWall Street Journal - Media* Dominic GatesSeattle Times - Media* Julie JohnssonBloomberg News - Media* John FreedAssociated Press - Media* Andrew ParkerFinancial Times - Media* Veronica DuPontEXP - Media* Al ScottReuters - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question and answer session are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. Troy
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9232 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to The Boeing Company's 2005 fourth quarter and full year results conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek please go ahead.DAVE DOHNALEK, VP IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you very much. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's fourth quarter and full year 2005 earnings call. I'm Dave Dohnalek. And with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments from Jim and James we will take your questions. And in the interest of time we ask that you limit yourself to one question.&nbsp;As always, we've provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our Website at boeing.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks. Those risks are detailed in the news release we issued this morning, in our various
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9605 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's first quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead.DAVE DOHNALEK, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you very much. Good morning, and welcome to Boeing's first quarter earnings call. I'm Dave Dohnalek, and with me today is James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After James makes some comments about our performance and our outlook, we will take your questions. In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to 1 question. And as always, we provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation on our website at boeing.com.&nbsp;Now, before James begins, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning, are likely to involve risks. Those risks are detailed
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 8802 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Boeing Company second quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead.DAVE DOHNALEK, VP IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's second quarter earnings call. I'm Dave Dohnalek and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. And as always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and supplied presentation through our presentation at Boeing.com.&nbsp;Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks,
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10077 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the internet.At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead.DAVE DOHNALEK, VP OF IR, BOEING COMPANY: Thank you very much. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's third quarter earnings call. I am Dave Dohnalek and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James about our performance and our outlook, we will take your questions.&nbsp;And as always, we have provided detailed financial information in the press release issued earlier today. As a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation on our website at boeing.com.Before I begin, we need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release, in
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9059 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Boeing Company's second quarter 2005 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead.&nbsp;DAVID DOHNALEK, VP-IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's second quarter conference call. I'm Dave Dohnalek and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and by James who will take your questions, we ask that you limit yourself to one single-part question. As always we provide a detail financial information in our Press Release issued earlier today and as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast through our website at www.boeing.com. Now, before we begin I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks, the assumptions behind our projections, and the
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10074 wordsCorporate Participants* Scott Fitterer The Boeing Company - VP, Investor Relations * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President & CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - Corporate President & CFO * Diana Sands The Boeing Company - SVP, Financial Planning & Analysis, Investor Relations * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP, Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Cai von Rumohr Cowen and Company - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Ron Epstein BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Noah Poponak Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Robert Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Peter Arment Gleacher & Company - Analyst * JB Groh DA Davidson - Analyst * Robert Stallard Royal Bank of Canada - Analyst * Myles Walton Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ken Herbert Wedbush Securities - Analyst * John Raviv Citigroup - Analyst * Carter Leake Davenport & Company - Analyst * George Shapiro Access 342 - Analyst * Susanna Ray Bloomberg News - Analyst * Aubrey Cohen Seattle PI -
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 12051 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's third quarter 2004 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer session, are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead.DAVID DOHNALEK, VICE PRESIDENT INVESTOR RELATIONS, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, and welcome to the Boeing third quarter earnings conference call. I'm Dave Dohnalek, and with me today are Harry Stonecipher, Boeing's Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, our Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Harry and James, we will take your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one single-part question.&nbsp;As always, we've provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. As a reminder, you can follow today's company broadcast through our website at boeing.com. Now, before we get started, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks and uncertainties.
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 11158 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's fourth quarter and full-year 2004 results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer session are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead.DAVID DOHNALEK, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and welcome to the Boeing fourth quarter and full-year 2004 earnings conference call. I'm Dave Dohnalek and with me today are Harry Stonecipher, Boeing's Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, our Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Harry and James we will take your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to 1 single-part question.&nbsp;As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today, and as a reminder you can follow today's Company broadcast through our website at boeing.com. Now before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9458 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to The Boeing Company first-quarter 2005 earnings call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet.For opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Please go ahead.DAVID DOHNALEK, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, and good morning, welcome to the Boeing first-quarter 2005 earnings conference call. I am Dave Dohnalek, and with me today is James Bell, Boeing's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by James, we will take your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one single-part question. As always we provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today, and as a reminder you can follow today's Company broadcast through our website at Boeing.com.&nbsp;Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning, are likely to involve risks, the assumptions behind our projections and the factors that could cause actual results to vary, are detailed in the news
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10880 wordsCorporate Participants* Scott Fitterer The Boeing Company - IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - Corporate President, CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Doug Harned Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Ron Epstein BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Rob Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Noah Poponak Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Joe Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Cai von Rumohr Cowen and Company - Analyst * Sam Pearlstein Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Rob Stallard RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Myles Walton Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Jason Gursky Citigroup - Analyst * Susanna Ray Bloomberg - Media * Christopher Hinton MarketWatch - Media * Christopher Drew The New York Times - Media * Hal Weitzman The Financial Times - Media * Doug Cameron Dow Jones - Media * Peter Sanders The Wall Street Journal
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 11665 wordsCorporate Participants* Scott Fitterer The Boeing Co. - VP IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Co. - Chairman, President, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Co. - Corp. President, CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Co. - SVP Corp. CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Rob Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Ron Epstein BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Carter Copeland Barclays Capital - Analyst * Joe Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Inc. - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Cai von Rumohr Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ken Herbert Wedbush Securities - Analyst * Rob Stallard RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Noah Poponak Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Sam Pearlstein Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Josh Freed Associated Press - Analyst * Susanna Ray Bloomberg News - Analyst * Dominic Gates The Seattle Times - Analyst * Molly McMillin The Wichita Eagle - Analyst * Jeremy Lemer The Financial Times - Analyst * Glenn Farley KING Television - Analyst * Jon Ostrower
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9536 wordsCorporate Participants* Stephanie PopeBoeing Co - VP, IR* Jim McNerneyBoeing Co - Chairman, President, CEO* Greg SmithBoeing Co - CFO* Tom DowneyBoeing Co - SVP Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Doug HarnedSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Carter CopelandBarclays Capital - Analyst* Sam PearlsteinWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Joe NadolJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rob SpingarnCredit Suisse - Analyst* Noah PoponakGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Company - Analyst* Jason GurskyCitigroup - Analyst* Heidi WoodMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Cai von RumohrCowen and Company - Analyst* David StraussUBS - Analyst* Rob StallardRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Jon OstrowerWall Street Journal - Analyst* Chris DrewNew York Times - Analyst* Mike MechamAviation Week - Analyst* Brendan KearneyPost and Courier - Analyst* Steve WilhermPuget Sound Business Journal - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's First Quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and the slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question and answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'll be turning the call over to Ms. Stephanie Pope, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9358 wordsCorporate Participants* Stephanie PopeThe Boeing Company - VP IR* Jim McNerneyThe Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO* Greg SmithThe Boeing Company - CFO* Tom DowneyThe Boeing Company - SVP Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Rob SpingarnCredit Suisse - Analyst* Joe NadolJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Doug HarnedSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst&nbsp;* Sam PearlsteinWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Carter CopelandBarclays Capital - Analyst* Cai von RumohrCowen and Company - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Company - Analyst* Noah PoponakGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Heidi WoodMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jason GurskyCitigroup - Analyst* Rob StallardRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Myles WaltonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Ron EpsteinBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* David StraussUBS - Analyst* Peter ArmentSterne, Agee & Leach - Analyst* Jon OstrowerWall Street Journal - Analyst* Susanna RayBloomberg News - Analyst* Andrew ParkerThe Financial Times - Analyst* Steve TrimbleFlightglobal - Analyst* Mike MechamAviation Week - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The Management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time for opening remarks and introductions,
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10993 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to the Boeing Company's third quarter 2005 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead.DAVID DOHNALEK, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, good morning, and welcome to Boeing's third quarter earnings call. I'm David Dohnalek and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and by James, we will take your questions. Now, please limit yourself to one single part question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today, and as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast on our website at Boeing.com.Now, before we begin I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks. These risks are detailed in the news
Boeing Company	FinalCorporate Participants* Diana Sands The Boeing Company - VP, IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - EVP, Corporate President, CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Ronald Epstein BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Sam Pearlstein Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Joe Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Cai von Rumohr Cowen and Company - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Joe Nadol JP Morgan - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Robert Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Myles Walton Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Robert Stallard Macquarie Research Equities - Analyst * Noah Poponak Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citi Investment Research (US) - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Peter Sanders Wall Street Journal - Media * Ann Keaton Dow Jones - Media * Susanna Ray Bloomberg News - Media * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Media * John Ostrower Flight Global - Media * Mike Mecham Aviation Week
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9306 wordsCorporate Participants* Diana Sands The Boeing Company - VP, IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP, Corp. Comm.Conference Call Participants* Rob Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Cai von Rumohr Cowen & Co. - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Joe Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ron Epstein BAS-ML - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Rob Stallard Macquarie Research - Analyst * Peter Arment Broadpoint AmTech - Analyst * Sam Pearlstein Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Noah Poponak Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Susanna Ray Bloomberg News - Media * Dominic Yates Seattle Times - Media * Josh Freed Associated Press - Media * Molly McMillan Wichita Eagle - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the The Boeing Company's first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10057 wordsCorporate Participants* Scott Fitterer The Boeing Company - VP, IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - EVP, Corporate President, CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP, Corp. Comm.Conference Call Participants* Joe Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ron Epstein BAS-ML - Analyst * Noah Poponak Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan - Analyst * Cai von Rumohr Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Rob Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Sam Pearlstein Wells Fargo - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Myles Walton Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jason Gursky Citigroup - Analyst * Ken Herbert Wedbush Morgan - Analyst * Peter Arment Gleacher and Company - Analyst * Harry Nourse HSBC - Analyst * Hale Wiseman Financial Times - Media * Susanna Ray Bloomberg - Media * Aubrey Cohen Seattle PI - Media * Doug Cameron Dow Jones - Media * Paul Marion Crain's Chicago Business - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10273 wordsCorporate Participants* Scott Fitterer The Boeing Company - IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - EVP, Corporate President and CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP, CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Ron Epstein BAS-ML - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Sam Pearlstein Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Joe Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Cai von Rumohr Cowen and Company - Analyst * Rob Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Myles Walton Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Noah Poponak Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Jason Gursky Citigroup - Analyst * Susanna Ray Bloomberg News - Media * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Media * Christopher Drew New York Times - Media * Glenn Farley King TV Seattle - Media * Mike Meacham Aviation Week - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's fourth-quarter and full-year 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;The management discussion and slide presentation plus
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10320 wordsCorporate Participants* Stephanie PopeThe Boeing Company - VP, IR* Jim McNerneyThe Boeing Company - Chairman, President & CEO* Greg SmithThe Boeing Company - CFO* Tom DowneyThe Boeing Company - SVP Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Doug HarnedSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Robert SpingarnCredit Suisse - Analyst* Joe Nadol&nbsp;JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Cai von RumohrCowen and Company - Analyst* Ron EpsteinBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Carter CopelandBarclays Capital - Analyst* Sam PearlsteinWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Company - Analyst* Josh FreedAssociated Press - Analyst* Al ScottReuters - Analyst* Jon OstrowerWall Street Journal - Analyst* Phil LeBeauCNBC - Analyst* Dominic GatesSeattle Times - Analyst* Susanna RayBloomberg News - Analyst* Mike MechamAviation Week - Analyst* John McDermottPost & Courier - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's fourth quarter and full-year 2012 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the internet.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Ms. Stephanie Pope, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company.
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 11127 wordsCorporate Participants* Troy LahrBoeing Co - VP of IR* Jim McNerneyBoeing Co - Chairman, President, CEO* Greg SmithBoeing Co - CFO* Tom DowneyBoeing Co - SVP CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Howard RubelJefferies & Company - Analyst* Sam PearlsteinWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Robert StallardRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Carter Copeland&nbsp;Barclays Capital - Analyst* Joe NadolJPMorgan - Analyst* Doug HarnedSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Noah PoponakGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Cai von RumohrCowen and Company - Analyst* Robert SpingarnCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jason GurskyCitigroup - Analyst* Peter ArmentSterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. - Analyst* Al ScottReuters - Media* Jon OstrowerWall Street Journal - Media* Christopher DrewNew York Times - Media* Andrew ParkerFinancial Times - Media* Tom BlackBloomberg - Media* Steve WilhelmPuget Sound - Media* Josh FreedAssociate Press - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question and answer session, are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. Troy Lahr, Vice President of Investor Relations
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10858 wordsCorporate Participants* Diana Sands The Boeing Company - VP, Investor Relations * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - EVP, Corporate President, CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Joe Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Robert Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Robert Stallard Macquarie Research - Analyst * Cai van Rumohr Cowen & Co - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Gary Liebowitz Wachovia - Analyst * Ron Epstein Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Co - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Myles Walton Oppenheimer - Analyst * Ben Fidler Deutsche Bank - Analyst * JB Groh DA Davidson - Analyst * Peter Arment American Technology Research - Analyst * Lynn Lunsford Wall Street Journal - Media * Tim Claus Associated Press - Media * Susanna Ray Bloomberg News - Analyst * James Wallace Seattle PI - Analyst * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Analyst * Peter Pae Los Angeles Times -
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 11214 wordsCorporate Participants* Diana Sands The Boeing Company - VP, IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, Presidet, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - EVP, Corp. President, CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP, Corp. Comm.Conference Call Participants* Cai von Rumohr Cowen and Company - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Robert Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ron Epstein Banc of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan - Analyst * Joe Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Noah Poponak Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citi - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Sam Pearlstein Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * David Greising Chicago Tribune - Media * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Media * Daniel Lovering Associated Press - Media * Susanna Ray Bloomberg - Media * Hal Weitzman Financial Times - Media * Dan Reed USA Today - Media * Mike Meacham Aviation Week - MediaPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's second quarter 2009 earnings conference
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10804 wordsCorporate Participants* Diana Sands The Boeing Company - VP, IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - Corporate President, CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP, Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Doug Harned Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Robert Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ron Epstein Banc of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Cai von Rumohr Cowen & Company - Analyst * Joe Campbell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan - Analyst * Robert Stallard Macquarie Research - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Susanna Ray Bloomberg News - Media Member * Ann Keeton Dow Jones - Media Member * John Ostrower Flight International - Media Member * Mike Mecham Aviation Week - Media Member * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Media Member * Steve Wilhelm Puget Sound Business Journal - Media MemberPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone and welcome to The Boeing Company's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10516 wordsCorporate Participants* Scott FittererThe Boeing Company - IR* Jim McNerneyThe Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO* James BellThe Boeing Company - EVP, Corporate President, CFO* Tom DowneyThe Boeing Company - SVP Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Sam PearlsteinWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Doug HarnedSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ron EpsteinBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Carter CopelandBarclays Capital - Analyst* Joe NadolJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Troy LahrStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Company - Analyst* Rob SpingarnCredit Suisse - Analyst* Heidi WoodMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jason GurskyCitigroup - Analyst* Cai von RumohrCowen and Company - Analyst* Myles WaltonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Rob StallardRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Ken HerbertCitigroup - Analyst* Mike MechamAviation Week - Media* Susanna RayBloomberg News - Media* Brendan KearneyThe Post and Courier - Media* Josh FreedThe Associated Press - Media* Dominic GatesSeattle Times - Media* Christopher DrewThe New York Times - Media* Aubrey CohenThe Seattle P-I - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analysts and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9324 wordsCorporate Participants* Stephanie PopeBoeing Co - VP IR* Jim McNerneyBoeing Co - Chairman, President, CEO* Greg SmithBoeing Co - CFO* Tom DowneyBoeing Co - SVP Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Sam PearlsteinWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Joe NadolJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Ron EpsteinBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;* Howard RubelJefferies & Company - Analyst* Carter CopelandBarclays Capital - Analyst* Doug HarnedSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Cai von RumohrCowen and Company - Analyst* Robert SpingarnCredit Suisse - Analyst* Heidi WoodMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jason GurskyCitigroup - Analyst* Noah PoponakGoldman Sachs - Analyst* David StraussUBS - Analyst* John OstrowerWall Street Journal - Analyst* Dominic GatesSeattle Times - Analyst* Brendan KearneyPost Courier News - Analyst* Mike MeachamAviation Week - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst immediate question and answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning this call over to Ms. Stephanie Pope, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Ms. Pope, please go ahead.STEPHANIE POPE, VP IR, BOEING CO:
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10045 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's fourth quarter and 2007 year-end earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question and answer session, are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, VIce-President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Please go ahead.DAVID DOHNALEK, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you very much. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings call. I'm Dave Dohnalek, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;After brief comments by Jim and James we will take your questions, and in the interest of time we ask that you limit yourself to one question, please. As always we've provided detailed information in our press release issued earlier today, and as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com. Before we begin I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10203 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time for opening remarks and introductions I will turn the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's first quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands. With me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question. As always we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com.&nbsp;Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning, are likely to involve risks, which
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10360 wordsCorporate Participants* Diana Sands The Boeing Company - VP of IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President, CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - EVP Finance, CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Steve Binder Bear Stearns - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Cai Von Rumohr Cowen and Company - Analyst * Joe Campbell Lehman Brothers - Analyst * George Shapiro Citigroup - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Heidi Wood Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Ron Epstein Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Rob Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Lynn Lunsford Wall Street Journal - Media * Hal Weitzman Financial Times - Media * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Media * Mike Meacham Aviation Week - Media * Susanna Ray Bloomberg - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9280 wordsCorporate Participants* Diana Sands The Boeing Company - VP of IR * Jim McNerney The Boeing Company - Chairman, President & CEO * James Bell The Boeing Company - CFO * Tom Downey The Boeing Company - SVP of Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Ron Epstein Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Gary Liebowitz Wachovia Securities - Analyst * David Strauss UBS - Analyst * Joe Nadol JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Robert Spingarn Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Harned Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Myles Walton Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Joe Campbell Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Cai von Rumohr Cowen and Company - Analyst * George Shapiro Citigroup - Analyst * Troy Lahr Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Susanna Ray Bloomberg News - Media * Paul Marion Crane's Chicago Business - Media * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9132 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.&nbsp;DIANA SANDS, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Good morning and welcome to Boeing's second quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. In the interest of time and in fairness to others on the call, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com. Before we begin I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10222 wordsCorporate Participants* Troy LahrThe Boeing Company - VP IR* Jim McNerneyThe Boeing Company - Chairman, President & CEO* Greg SmithThe Boeing Company - CFO* Tom DowneyThe Boeing Company - SVP of Corporate CommunicationsConference Call Participants* Carter CopelandBarclays Capital - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Company - Analyst* Doug HarnedSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst&nbsp;* Rob SpingarnCredit Suisse - Analyst* Joe NadolJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rob StallardRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Cai Von RumohrCowen and Company - Analyst* Peter ArmentSterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. - Analyst* Myles WaltonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jason GurskyCiti - Analyst* Doug CameronThe Wall Street Journal - Media* Julie JohnssonBloomberg - Media* Dominic GatesThe Seattle Times - Media* Jon OstrowerThe Wall Street Journal - Media* Andrew ParkerFinancial Times - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Boeing Company's third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. Troy Lahr, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Lahr, please go ahead.TROY LAHR, VP
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 11125 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's fourth quarter and 2006 year-end earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded.The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question and answer sessions are broadcast live over the internet.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations.Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;DAVE DOHNALEK, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you very much. Good morning, and welcome to Boeing's fourth quarter and full-year 2006 earnings call. I am Dave Dohnalek, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer.Now, after brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. In the interest of time, we ask you to please limit yourself to one question.As always we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today, and as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation on our website at boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind that you any projections and goals we may include in
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 9314 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. David Dohnalek, please go ahead.&nbsp;DAVE DOHNALEK, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you very much. Good morning, and welcome to Boeing's first quarter earnings call. I am Dave Dohnalek, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. And in the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to one single part question, please. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today, and as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our Web site at Boeing.com. And before we begin, I need to remind that you any projections
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 10178 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to the Boeing Company's second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I'm turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, please go ahead.&nbsp;DAVID DOHNALEK, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, THE BOEING COMPANY: Good morning and welcome to Boeing's second quarter earnings call. I'm Dave Dohnalek and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and James we will take your questions and in the interest of time we ask that you limit yourself to one question, please. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder you can follow today's call in slide presentation through our website at boeing.com. Now before we begin I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are
Boeing Company	LENGTH: 11041 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. David Dohnalek, vice president of investor relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. Dohnalek, you may go ahead.&nbsp;DAVE DOHNALEK, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's third quarter earnings call. I'm Dave Dohnalek, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's chairman, president and chief executive officer, and James Bell, Boeing's chief financial officer. After brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. And in the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourself to one question, please. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. As a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at boeing.com. Now, before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 10417 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius Kloppers BHP Billiton - CEO * Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton - CFO * Marcus Randolph BHP Billiton - Chief Executive Ferrous and CoalConference Call Participants* Craig Campbell Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Paul McTaggart Credit Suisse - Analyst * Brendan Harris Macquarie - Analyst * David George JPMorgan - Analyst * Peter O'Connor Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Glyn Lawcock UBS - Analyst * Olivia Kaye Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Lawrence Greck LG Consulting - Analyst * Rob Clifford Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to today's presentation of the BHP Billiton interim results for the period to December 31, 2008. My name is Marius Kloppers, Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton. I'm talking to you today here from Sydney. Alex Vanselow, our CFO, will be presenting from London. And, to my left, I've got Marcus Randolph, who is the chief executive for our ferrous materials group.&nbsp;Before I begin today, I'd like to point you to the disclaimer and remind you that reading this disclaimer is important in relation to today's presentation.I'd like to start off today by giving you a brief overview of our results before handing
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 9293 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius Kloppers BHP Billiton Plc - Chief Executive, Group President Non-Ferrous Materials * Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton Plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Robert Clifford Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Sam Catalano Macquarie - Analyst * Tobias Woerner MF Global Securities - Analyst * Jason Fairclough Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Sylvain Brunet Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Charles Kernot Evolution - Analyst * Mike Bedford BJM - Analyst * Kieran Daly Investec Securities - Analyst * Damien Hackett Canaccord Adams - Analyst * Amos Fletcher Cazenove - Analyst * Luke Pearce Otto Securities - AnalystPresentationMARIUS KLOPPERS, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, GROUP PRESIDENT NON-FERROUS MATERIALS, BHP BILLITON PLC: Welcome to today's presentation of the BHP Billiton Plc interim results for the period to December 31, 2008. My name is Marius Kloppers, Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton. I'm talking to you today here from Sydney. Alex Vanselow, our CFO, will be presenting from London, and to my left I've got Marcus Randolph who is the Chief Executive for our Ferrous Materials Group.&nbsp;Before I begin today, I'd like to point you to the disclaimer and remind you that reading this disclaimer is important in relation to today's presentation.I'd like
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 10987 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew MackenzieBHP Billiton Plc - CEO* Graham KerrBHP Billiton Plc - CFO* Jimmy WilsonBHP Billiton Plc - President, Iron Ore* Mike HenryBHP Billiton Plc - President, HSEC, Marketing & TechnologyConference Call Participants* Paul YoungDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Paul McTaggartCredit Suisse - Analyst* James GurryCredit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;* Clarke WilkinsCiti - Analyst* Craig SainsburyGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Peter O'ConnorBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Anna MulhollandDeutsche Bank Research - Analyst* Adrian WoodMacquarie Research - Analyst* Lyndon FaganJPMorgan - Analyst* Daniel LianBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Andrew HinesCommonwealth Bank of Australia - Analyst* Glyn LawcockUBS - Analyst* Caroline LearmonthBarclays Capital - Analyst* Mark HarrowellBBY - Analyst* Peter HarrisJCP Investment Partners Limited - AnalystPresentationANDREW MACKENZIE, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Welcome. Welcome to our results briefing It's my first as CEO. I'm speaking in Sydney, and Graham Kerr, our CFO, he'll join us from London.Members of our Group management committee are also with us. Mike Henry, Jimmy Wilson, Karen Wood, and Geoff Healy are in the front row; while Dean Dalla Valle, Danny Malchuk, and Peter Beaven join by telephone.Now, first, let me point you to the disclaimer, and remind you of its importance to today's presentation.Our
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 12851 wordsCHARLES GOODYEAR, CEO, BHP BILLITON: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our presentation of BHP Billiton's results for the first half of financial year 2006. My name is Chip Goodyear, the chief executive officer of BHP Billiton, and I'm joining you from London today. With me from Melbourne is Chris Lynch. Chris is chief financial officer and was recently appointed an executive director of BHP Billiton; and with Chris is Bob Kirkby. Bob is the group president for Carbon Steel Materials. Chris will have some prepared comments today, and Bob and Chris will join me in answering some of your questions a little bit later. Let's move on to the highlights.First, in the area of safety -- for this six-month period, we've seen a 1% increase in what we call our &quot;total recordable injury frequency rate,&quot; and a 13% increase in our classified injury frequency rate. Obviously, this is a trend in the wrong direction. There are a number of reasons for this, and one of those is that the increase in the number of contractors in our business as a result of our project activity is bringing new people into the BHP Billiton system.Secondly, the integration of WMC
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 11900 wordsCHIP GOODYEAR, CEO, BHP BILLITON: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our presentation of BHP Billiton's results for the first half of fiscal year 2006. My name's Chip Goodyear, the Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton. Joining me today in London today is Phil Aiken. Phil is the Group President of our Energy business. From Melbourne we have Chris Lynch. Chris is the Chief Financial Officer for the Company. He's also recently been appointed an executive director. And Chris will have some prepared comments also today. With Chris is Bob Kirkby. Bob is the Group President for our Carbon Steel Material business. From Johannesburg we have Mike Salamon. Mike is the Executive President of the Company and also an executive director. And with Mike is Marius Kloppers. Marius has recently been appointed the Group President for Carbon Steel Materials.&nbsp;Just to begin, on the highlights side, we talk always about safety as we begin this as people are a critical part of our business. We have seen a 1% increase in what we call our total recordable injury frequency rate and a 13% increase in our classified injury frequency rate. Obviously this is a trend in the wrong direction. There
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 14109 wordsCHIP GOODYEAR, CEO, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, BHP BILLITON PLC: Well, there must be nothing else happening in Australia today. Anyway, thank you for joining us ladies and gentlemen. My name is Chip Goodyear, Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton, and thank you for joining us for our results presentation for financial year 2006. I am joining you from Sydney and with me in Sydney is Chris Lynch and Marius Kloppers. Chris is our Group President for Carbon Steel Materials, and Marius is our Group President for Non-Ferrous Materials. In London we have Alex Vanselow. Alex is our Chief Financial Officer, and he will be making some prepared comments today and with Alex we have Mike Yeager. Mike Yeager is our Group President for Energy and both Alex and Mike are joining us for the first time on a BHP Billiton results call. So we certainly welcome you to the call. And then in Johannesburg we have Mike Salamon. Mike Salamon is the Executive President for BHP Billiton. They will all join me in making a few comments and answering your questions later today.&nbsp;Now moving to the results slide or the highlights slide, slide number four for those on the
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 16203 wordsCHIP GOODYEAR, CEO, BHP BILLITON LTD: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our presentation of BHP Billiton's results for financial year 2005. My name's Chip Goodyear, Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton, and joining me here in Melbourne today is Bob Kirkby and Marius Kloppers. Bob, as you know, is our Group President of Carbon Steel Materials, and Marius is our Chief Commercial Officer.In London we have Chris Lynch. Chris Lynch is our Chief Financial Officer and he'll join me in making some prepared comments today, and with Chris we have Phil Aiken. Phil is the Group President for the Energy business. In Johannesburg is Mike Salamon. Mike is an Executive Director and the Group President of Non-Ferrous Materials. My colleagues are going to join me in answering some of your questions a little later today.And as we did before, we're going to try and keep the prepared comments to a relative minimum in order to give you more time to ask your questions. So, as you know, keeping comments to a minimum is fairly difficult for me but I'll try to do it anyway.&nbsp;First of all, let's go to slide 4 which is the highlights in the screen
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 10063 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius Kloppers BHP Billiton PLC - CEO * Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton PLC - CFO * Mike Yeager BHP Billiton PLC - Chief Executive Petroleum and Member of the GroupConference Call Participants* Jason Fairclough Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Olivia Ker UBS - Analyst * Sylvain Brunet Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Neil Goodwill Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Craig Campbell Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Paul McTaggart Credit Suisse - Analyst * Andrew Hines CBA - Analyst * Heath Jansen Citigroup - Analyst * Rob Clifford Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Charles Kernot Evolution Securities - Analyst * Tim Gerrard Investec - Analyst * Paul Young Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Glyn Lawcock UBS - Analyst * Lyndon Fagan RBS - Analyst * Andrew Gardner MF Global Securities - Analyst * Philip Parker Parker Asset Management - AnalystPresentationMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to today's presentation of BHP Billiton's preliminary results for the financial year ended in June 2010. I'm speaking to you today from London, and Alex Vanselow, our CFO, is in Sydney and he will present from there.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to point
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 13833 wordsCHIP GOODYEAR, CEO, BHP BILLITON: I'm ready when you are. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to BHP Billiton's presentation of our half year results for fiscal 2005, My name is Chip Goodyear, the Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billion and I'm joining you today from London.In Melbourne we have Chris Lynch. Chris is our Chief Financial Officer and he'll be making some prepared comments today. And with Chris we have Marius Kloppers. Marius is our Chief Commercial Officer. Both Chris and Marius will join me in answering some of your questions a little bit later.Our plan today is to try to limit our formal presentation to something like 25 minutes and hopefully give a little bit more time for you to answer -- for you to ask and for us to answer your questions.&nbsp;Moving on to slide 4, presenting our highlights for the first half of 2005. Let me first begin with safety. In the full year results for 2004 I had commented on some disappointing safety results for BHP Billiton for the year 2004. I mentioned at the time we were going to take significant activity to get us back to that road of zero harm, which is
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 12098 wordsCHIP GOODYEAR, CEO, BHP BILLITON: Welcome to the presentation of BHP Billiton's financial results for the first half of our fiscal 2005.I'm Chip Goodyear, the Chief Executive Officer. With me today, in London, is Mike Salamon. Mike is an Executive Director and also the Group President for the Non-Ferrous part of our business. In Melbourne, we have Chris Lynch. Chris is our Chief Financial Officer. And with Chris is Marius Kloppers. Marius is our Chief Commercial Officer. Chris will have a few prepared comments to make today. And then, in Johannesburg, we have Phil Aiken, and Phil Aiken is the Group President for Energy. We're going to let these individuals assist me in answering some of your questions a little later today.We've also revamped our presentation a little bit. We're going to try to cut down on the prepared remarks to leave a little bit more time for questions. So I hope we can finish our prepared remarks in the next 25 minutes or so.&nbsp;Moving on to the highlights for the first half of the year. At the full year results for '04, I had mentioned safety, and our safety performance in fiscal 2004 was a disappointment. And
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 13808 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius Kloppers BHP Billiton plc - CEO * Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton plc - CFO * Mike Yeager BHP Billiton plc - Group Executive & Chief, Executive PetroleumConference Call Participants* Nik Stanojevic Brewin Dolphin - Analyst * Jason Fairclough BofA Merrill Lynch International - Analyst * Des Kilalea RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Paul Young Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Paul McTaggart Credit Suisse - Analyst * Clarke Wilkins Citigroup - Analyst * Heath Jansen Citigroup - Analyst * Grant Sporre Deutsche Bank Research - Analyst * Caroline Learmonth Absa Capital - Analyst * James Gary Credit Suisse - Analyst * Sylvain Brunet Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Melinda Moore Credit Suisse - Analyst * Glyn Lawcock UBS - Analyst * Neil Goodwill Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tim Gerrard Investec - Analyst * Lee Bowers Macquarie Research - Analyst * Tony Rosito Darman Rowe - Analyst * Lyndon Fagan RBS - Analyst * Jeremy O'Keith Millennium Capital Partners - Analyst * Johan Rode Barclays Capital - Analyst * Nick Hatch RBS - Analyst * Craig Campbell Northcape Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BHP Billiton preliminary results briefing. My name is Clare, and
BHP Billiton PLC	FinalCorporate Participants* Marius Kloppers BHP Billiton - CEO * Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton - CFOConference Call Participants* Paul McTaggart Credit Suisse - Analyst * Glyn Lawcock UBS - Analyst * Clarke Wilkins Citigroup - Analyst * Brendan Harris Macquarie - Analyst * Peter O'Connor Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Tony Rizzuto Dahlman Rose - Analyst * Paul Young Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Neil Goodwill Goldman Sachs JBWere - Analyst * Phil Leske The ABC * Mark Buzetel UBS - Analyst * Mike Harrowell ABY - Analyst * David George JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to today's presentation of BHP Billiton's interim results for the six months ended December 2009.&nbsp;I usually get this wrong, but I'm speaking to you today from Sydney. Alex is in London. And we're really happy to be here.Before I start today, I'd like to point you to the disclaimer and remind you of its importance in relation to today's presentation.I will start by giving you a brief overview of our results. I will then hand over to Alex, who will take you through the detail of the financial performance. And then I'll come back and talk to you a
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 8658 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius Kloppers BHP Billiton - CEO * Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton - CFO * Michael Yeager BHP Billiton - Group President EnergyConference Call Participants* Paul Young Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Peter O'Connor Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Lee Bowers Macquarie - Analyst * Craig Campbell Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Lyndon Fagan RBS - Analyst * Clark Wilkins Citi - Analyst * Andrew Gardner MF Global - Analyst * Neil Goodwill Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Glyn Lawcock UBS - Analyst * Charlie Aitken Southern Cross Equities - AnalystPresentationMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON: Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to today's presentation of BHP Billiton's interim results for the six months ended December 2010. I'm speaking to you today from Sydney, and Alex Vanselow, our CFO, will be presenting from London. We are also joined by members of the BHP Billiton Management Committee, and have Mike Yeager, Marcus Randolph, and Andrew Mackenzie on the phone lines, and I have Alberto Calderon here with me in Sydney.&nbsp;Before we begin I want to point you to the disclaimer, and remind you that this is important in relation to today's presentation. I will start by giving you a brief overview
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 12831 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius KloppersBHP Billiton Limited - CEO* Graham KerrBHP Billiton Limited - CFO* Andrew MackenzieBHP Billiton Limited - Group Executive and Chief Executive Non-FerrousConference Call Participants* Paul YoungDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Lyndon FaganJ.P. Morgan - Analyst* Craig SainsburyGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Clarke WilkinsCiti Australia - Analyst&nbsp;* Per GullbergChurchill Capital - Analyst* Paul McTaggartCredit Suisse - Analyst* Phil ChippendaleCIMB - Analyst* Ephrem RaviBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON LIMITED: Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to today's presentation of BHP Billiton's interim results for the December 2012 half year. I'm speaking to you from Sydney. Our Chief Financial Officer, Graham Kerr joins us from London. We are also joined on the telephone line by other members of the management team.I would like to thank you for accommodating the one hour delay that is required, as our result of our announcement on CEO succession. I would like to personally congratulate Andrew Mackenzie on his election and I welcome him to Sydney, where he joins me for today's presentation. I'll come back to Andrew's appointment in due course. But I would firstly like to focus on the strong results we've delivered in what has been a more challenging environment for
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 12241 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius Kloppers BHP Billiton plc - CEO * Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Andrew Keen Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jason Fairclough Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Robert Clifford Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Vicky Binns Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Craig Campbell Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Brendan Harris Macquarie Securities - Analyst * Sylvain Brunet Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Maurizio Carulli AXA Investment Managers - Analyst * Peter O'Connor Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David Pleming Macquarie - Analyst * Warren Edney ABN Amro - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: I am now handing you over to the host of today's briefing, BHP Billiton Chief Executive Officer, Marius Kloppers.&nbsp;MARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Morning. Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Marius Kloppers, Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton, and elcome today to presentation of our full year results for our fiscal year 2008. I'm speaking to you today from London. We've got in Sydney Alex Vanselow, CFO of the Company, who will be presenting from Sydney.Before we begin today's presentation, unfortunately, as is now customary, I've got to point you to the three pages of disclaimers. They are important. As usual
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 12137 wordsOPERATOR: I am now handing you over to the host of today's briefing, BHP Billiton Chief Executive Officer, Marius Kloppers.MARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Morning. Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Marius Kloppers, Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton, and elcome today to presentation of our full year results for our fiscal year 2008. I'm speaking to you today from London. We've got in Sydney Alex Vanselow, CFO of the Company, who will be presenting from Sydney.Before we begin today's presentation, unfortunately, as is now customary, I've got to point you to the three pages of disclaimers. They are important. As usual we tried hard to get them down to two pages and didn't succeed. But they are important in relation to today's presentation, please read them carefully in the materials that you've received.&nbsp;Before handing over to Alex Vanselow to give you a full overview of the financial results, I'd like to start by giving you a brief overview of the results. I'll then cover, after Alex has spoken, our performance, BHP Billiton's perspectives on the macro-environment, supply/demand for our product. And then finally I'll talk about a few aspects of our business and how we're positioned.
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 12223 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius Kloppers BHP Billiton Plc - CEO * Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton Plc - CFO * Michael Yeager BHP Billiton Plc - Group Executive, Chief Executive PetroleumConference Call Participants* Robert Clifford Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Tobias Woerner MF Global Securities - Analyst * Brendan Harris Macquarie - Analyst * Neil Goodwill Goldman Sachs JPWere - Analyst * Craig Campbell Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Martin Kema - Analyst * James Allan Allan Hochreiter - Analyst * Nick Hatch ING - Analyst * Dean Skillerly RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Peter O'Connor Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David George JPMorgan - Analyst * Paul McTaggart Credit Suisse - Analyst * Tim Gerrard Austock Limited - Analyst * Glyn Lawcock UBS - Analyst * Warren Edney RBS - Analyst * Sam Catalano Macquarie - Analyst * Jason Fairclough Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Tom Holme BlackRock Inc. - AnalystPresentationMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to today's presentation of BHP Billiton's Preliminary Results for our financial year ended June 2009. I am speaking to you today from London, Alex Vanselow, our CFO, is in Sidney and we also welcome our audience in Johannesburg.&nbsp;Before
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 13115 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius KloppersBHP Billiton PLC - CEO* Graham KerrBHP Billiton PLC - CFO* Mike HenryBHP Billiton PLC - Chief Marketing Officer* Mike YeagerBHP Billiton PLC - Group Executive & Chief, Executive PetroleumConference Call Participants* Paul YoungDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Paul McTaggartCredit Suisse - Analyst* Lyndon FaganRBS - Analyst* Glyn LawcockUBS - Analyst* Lee BowersMacquarie Research - Analyst* Clarke WilkinsCiti - Analyst* Peter O'ConnorMerrill Lynch - Analyst* Sanil DaptardarSentinel Investments - Analyst* John TumazosJohn Tumazos Very Independent Research - Analyst* Neil GoodwillGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Mark BusuttilJPMorgan - AnalystPresentationMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to today's presentation of BHP Billiton's interim results for the December 2011 half year.I'm speaking to you today from Sydney and I'm joined by our CFO Graham Kerr, who is presenting our financials for the first time. Welcome, Graham.I'm also pleased to note that we are joined by members of the BHP Billiton management committee, including Alberto Calderon, Mike Henry, Andrew Mackenzie, Marcus Randolph, Karen Wood and Mike Yeager. They are on the telephone lines and they'll participate in the question and answer session. I should also point out that Jimmy Wilson, President of our Energy Coal business and based
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 10931 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius Kloppers BHP Billiton PLC - CEO * Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton PLC - CFO * Marcus Randolph BHP Billiton PLC - Group Executive and Chief Executive Ferrous and Coal * Alberto Calderon BHP Billiton PLC - Group Executive & Chief Commercial OfficerConference Call Participants* Glenn Lockhart UBS - Analyst * Vicki Binns Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Brendan Harris Macquarie - Analyst * Monty Ruticasa BK - Correspondent * Grant Thompson - Analyst * Craig Campbell Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Derek Francis UBS - Analyst * Sergit Day JPMorgan - Analyst * Ross Greenwood - Analyst * Heidi Cage Glenday - Analyst * Peter O'Connor Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Marius Kloppers, Chief Executive of BHP Billiton and I am here to welcome you to today's presentation for the Half Year Results for Financial Year 2008. I'm speaking to you from Melbourne-- I'm sorry Sydney that is. Early start guys, early start. Alex Vanselow is in London and we've got a number of other members of my Executive Committee here. See, they're awake in London already.&nbsp;So let me start off on a more serious
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 10814 wordsMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Marius Kloppers, Chief Executive of BHP Billiton and I am here to welcome you to today's presentation for the Half Year Results for Financial Year 2008. I'm speaking to you from Melbourne-- I'm sorry Sydney that is. Early start guys, early start. Alex Vanselow is in London and we've got a number of other members of my Executive Committee here. See, they're awake in London already.&nbsp;So let me start off on a more serious note about safety. There is no more important issue for us. We've had 10 fatalities during this financial year and this has deeply concerned me, the Board and the rest of our Management team. Although our injuries, our statistical rates on injuries and other events continue to show very good progress from already the industry leading levels, the fact is that low injury rates will not prevent fatalities. And the reality is that we've lost 10 of our colleagues. Their families and friends have lost so much more. We clearly need to continue to focus on safety and we will never be successful if we can't achieve our goal of zero harm.
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 9594 wordsMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. My name is Marius Kloppers, Chief Executive of BHP Billiton and welcome to this presentation of our half year results. I'm speaking to you today from Sydney. Alex Vanselow, Chief Financial Officer will be talking to us from London and we also have members of the Group Management Committee here with us to assist us with any questions.Now before I start my presentation on results it is very important that we talk about safety performance since I cannot address business performance without talking about safety performance. This is something that has deeply concerned me with the fatalities that we've had over the recent months. Although our statistical measures, injury rates show continued progress, we cannot move forward if we don't have fatalities and the reality is that ten of our colleagues have lost their lives. We have lost a lot, but their friends and family have lost so much more. We can't claim to be successful until we achieve our goal of zero harm and we will redouble our efforts, and though I don't think that there is a simple or single answer to eliminating fatalities, the
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 9706 wordsCorporate Participants* Marius Kloppers BHP Billiton Plc - CEO * Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton Plc - CFO * Marcus Randolph BHP Billiton Plc - Group Executive & CEO Ferrous & Coal * Alberto Calderon BHP Billiton Plc - Group Executive & CCOConference Call Participants* Andrew Keen Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Damien Hackett Canaccord Adams - Analyst * Charles Kernot Seymour Pierce - Analyst * Tobias Woerner MF Global Securities - Analyst * Jeremy Gray Credit Suisse - Analyst * Heath Jansen Citigroup - Analyst * Nick Hatch ING - Analyst * Justin Brown Business Report - Media * Eric Onstad Reuters - Media * Sam Catalano Macquarie - AnalystPresentationMARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. My name is Marius Kloppers, Chief Executive of BHP Billiton and welcome to this presentation of our half year results. I'm speaking to you today from Sydney. Alex Vanselow, Chief Financial Officer will be talking to us from London and we also have members of the Group Management Committee here with us to assist us with any questions.&nbsp;Now before I start my presentation on results it is very important that we talk about safety performance since I cannot
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 3407 wordsCorporate Participants* Alex Vanselow BHP Billiton - CFOConference Call Participants* Sanil Daptardar Sentinel Asset Management - Analyst * Wayne Atwell Pontis Capital - Analyst * Jane Haugh Dwight Asset Management - Analyst * Theresa Gusman Deutsche Asset Management - AnalystPresentationALEX VANSELOW, CFO, BHP BILLITON: I'm Alex Vanselow, Chief Financial Officer at BHP Billiton and I want to welcome you all for taking time for joining us today. I know you haven't had much time to absorb the results and our other announcements, but before I open to questions let me make just a few points.We always thought we (inaudible) [safety] performance; the reality is that while our injury rates and statistical measures have shown steady improvement we have had 10 fatalities in this fiscal year. There is only one acceptable outcome for us and that is no accidents and no fatalities. All of us at BHP Billiton, from the Board down, are absolutely committed to ensuring that.&nbsp;Turning to the financial results, you can see that we drove revenues up 15.5% up to $25.5 billion while keeping cost increases to 1.9% net of non-cash costs. I believe that this financial result demonstrates our ability to effectively manage our operations
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 3355 wordsALEX VANSELOW, CFO, BHP BILLITON: I'm Alex Vanselow, Chief Financial Officer at BHP Billiton and I want to welcome you all for taking time for joining us today. I know you haven't had much time to absorb the results and our other announcements, but before I open to questions let me make just a few points.We always thought we (inaudible) [safety] performance; the reality is that while our injury rates and statistical measures have shown steady improvement we have had 10 fatalities in this fiscal year. There is only one acceptable outcome for us and that is no accidents and no fatalities. All of us at BHP Billiton, from the Board down, are absolutely committed to ensuring that.Turning to the financial results, you can see that we drove revenues up 15.5% up to $25.5 billion while keeping cost increases to 1.9% net of non-cash costs. I believe that this financial result demonstrates our ability to effectively manage our operations in a way that is focused on achieving great outcomes for both customers and shareholders. Strong cash flow continues to underpin our expansion. This half we have brought on seven major projects across five commodities. We also approved four
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 14009 wordsCHIP GOODYEAR, CEO, BHP BILLITON: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our presentation of BHP Billiton's financial results for the first half of fiscal year 2007. My name is Chip Goodyear. I'm Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton, and I'm joining you today from London. In Sydney, we have Alex Vanselow. Alex is our Chief Financial Officer, and he'll be making some prepared comments today. And, with Alex, we have Chris Lynch. Chris is Executive Director and the Group President of our Carbon Steel Materials area. And, on the phone joining us is Mike Yeager. Mike is the Group President for our Energy business. And, again, he is in Houston and will join us with Chris and with Alex in answering your questions later on today.&nbsp;Let's move to the first slide, or at least slide number 4. These represent the highlights for our half year ended December 2006. Let me begin with the area of safety. People are a critical part of our strategy, and, as usual, a comment on health and safety performance is an appropriate place to start. We found that our underlying injury frequency rates did decline in the six-month period ended December. However, it's important
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 13895 wordsCHIP GOODYEAR, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Good morning everyone. Melbourne is on the phone or Sydney is on the TV. Or I guess we don't have Sydney. Sorry, do we have Alex and Chris?ALEX VANSELOW, CFO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Yes, we're here.CHIP GOODYEAR: Okay, great. Alright guys. Let's go ahead. Ladies and gentleman, welcome to our presentation of BHP Billiton's results for the first half of the financial year 2007. My name is Chip Goodyear, the Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton, and obviously I'm here with you today. Joining us from Sydney is Alex Vanselow. Alex is our Chief Financial Officer and he will make some prepared comments this morning. And with Alex is Chris Lynch. Chris is our Group President for Carbon Steel Materials and an Executive Director of BHP Billiton. And then joining us on the phone we have Marius Kloppers. Marius is in South Africa today and he is a Executive Director and Group President for our Non-Ferrous Materials Group. And they will all -- Marius, Alex and Chris will all assist me in answering your questions later in the presentation.&nbsp;Moving onto slide number 4, which is our highlights slide for the six month
BHP Billiton PLC	LENGTH: 13095 wordsCHIP GOODYEAR, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: I thought that thing was going to go on forever. No results presentation. Anyway, ladies and gentlemen, my name's Chip Goodyear, Chief Executive Officer of BHP Billiton. And welcome to our presentation today of our financial results for the 2007 fiscal year.I'm here in Sydney. And with me in Sydney is Marius Kloppers. Marius is the Chief Executive of our Non-Ferrous Materials business. And, as you know, he will be taking over from me as Chief Executive Officer on October 1.Marius will have some prepared comments today, as will Alex Vanselow. Alex, as you know, is our Chief Financial Officer. Alex is in London and he will be speaking to us from there.&nbsp;And we also have Mike Yeager with us today. Mike is the Chief Executive of Petroleum. He is in Johannesburg where he's going to be doing a road show. And so Mike, Alex and Marius will all join me in answering your questions later today.So let's move on to our highlights slide, slide number four. And, as usual, I'll begin with safety. Now, in 2007, we saw a 17% decrease in our injury frequency rate. We saw an improvement in
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 13535 wordsCorporate Participants* Isabel Goiri BBVA, S.A. - Director, IR * Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri BBVA, S.A. - President and COO * Manuel Gonzalez Cid BBVA, S.A. - CFOConference Call Participants* Irma Garrido Ahorro Corporacion - Analyst * Luis Pena M&B Capital Advisers - Analyst * Arturo de Frias Dresdner - Analyst * Jagoba Garcia Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller - AnalystPresentationMadrid Oct 31, 2008 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA) earnings conference call or presentation Wednesday, October 29, 2008 at 8:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Isabel GoiriBBVA, S.A. - Director, IR* Jose Ignacio GoirigolzarriBBVA, S.A. - President and COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBBVA, S.A. - CFOConference Call Participants* Irma GarridoAhorro Corporacion - Analyst* Luis PenaM&B Capital Advisers - Analyst* Arturo de FriasDresdner - Analyst* Jagoba GarciaFox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller - AnalystPresentationISABEL GOIRI, DIRECTOR, IR, BBVA, S.A.: Good morning. We're going to present the third quarter results here for the BBVA. So we'll start with the presentation here and then we will open up the floor to questions. As always, we'll have questions in the room, questions across the video conference and then, finally, the questions that come to us over the Web.
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 11004 wordsCorporate Participants* Manuel Gonzalez Cid BBVA SA - CFO * Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri BBVA SA - President and COOConference Call Participants* Daragh Quinn Nomura - Analyst * Irma Garrido Ahorro Corporacion - Analyst * Luis Pena M&B Capital Advisers - Analyst * Arturo de Frias Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Ignacio Cerezo JP Morgan - Analyst * Antonio Ramirez Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Ronit Ghose Citigroup - Analyst * Giovanni Carriere Execution - Analyst * Carlos Berastain Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Sergio Gamez Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Javier Bernat Caja Madrid - Analyst * Carlos Peixoto BPI - AnalystPresentationMadrid Jan 29, 2009 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA) earnings conference call or presentation Wednesday, January 28, 2009 at 8:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Manuel Gonzalez CidBBVA SA - CFO* Jose Ignacio GoirigolzarriBBVA SA - President and COOConference Call Participants* Daragh QuinnNomura - Analyst* Irma GarridoAhorro Corporacion - Analyst* Luis PenaM&B Capital Advisers - Analyst* Arturo de FriasDresdner Kleinwort - Analyst* Ignacio CerezoJP Morgan - Analyst* Antonio RamirezKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Ronit GhoseCitigroup - Analyst* Giovanni CarriereExecution - Analyst* Carlos BerastainDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Sergio
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 11306 wordsCorporate Participants* Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri Grupo BBVA - President and COO * Manuel Gonzalez Cid BBVA - CFO * Carmen Hernansanz BBVA - Head of IRConference Call Participants* Carlo Digrandi HSBC - Analyst * Ronit Ghose Citigroup - Analyst * Matteo Ramenghi UBS - AnalystPresentationMadrid May 21, 2009 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA) earnings conference call or presentation Tuesday, April 28, 2009 at 7:30:00am GMTTEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants&nbsp;* Jose Ignacio GoirigolzarriGrupo BBVA - President and COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBBVA - CFO* Carmen HernansanzBBVA - Head of IRConference Call Participants* Carlo DigrandiHSBC - Analyst* Ronit GhoseCitigroup - Analyst* Matteo RamenghiUBS - AnalystPresentationCARMEN HERNANSANZ, HEAD OF IR, BBVA: (Interpreted). Good morning, everyone. We are now going to be giving the Group results for the first quarter of 2009. And as we usually do our COO, Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri, will give the presentation and then we'll have Q&A, starting with questions from the room here. And then we'll take questions over the conference call. And then finally we'll take questions from the Webcast.And for those of you who have actually come here physically to be present, we've prepared coffee for you afterwards so
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 12094 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas BlascoBBVA S.A. - Head of IR* Angel CanoBBVA S.A. - President and COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBBVA S.A. - CFOPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: A very good morning to everyone. Welcome to this webcast presenting the results of the BBVA Group for the second quarter of 2013. The presentation will be given, as always, by Angel Cano, the President and COO of the Group, and then we'll have a Q&A immediately after the presentation, and that will be with Manuel Gonzalez Cid as well, our CFO.Any questions that are not answered during the webcast for a lack of time will be answered during the rest of the day by the Investor Relations team. Angel?ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT AND COO, BBVA S.A.: Good morning everyone. Welcome to this presentation of the results of the second quarter of 2013 for the BBVA Group. The main characteristics of these earnings is that they're very resilient and, above all, they're in line with the messages that we've been putting out to you over the last few quarters.&nbsp;We can still see that the world is growing at two quite different speeds. First of all, we've got the emerging economies and then the developed economies.
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 8917 wordsEDITOR: [Audio begins in progress]UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: [translated] ....2006 as well. As always, our chief operating officer will be giving us the presentation and then afterwards we'll be happy to receive your questions.First of all, we'll take questions from those of you who are actually here in the room with us and then we'll take questions over the conference call. And then, finally, we'll deal with the questions that will reach us through e-mail or through the webcast.And again, as always, we've prepared some coffee for anyone who wants to have a quick coffee with us after the presentation here...Thank you.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, COO, BBVA SA: [translated] Fine, well, good morning everyone. Thank you very much for coming. Once again, we are now going to be explaining the quarterly results for the second quarter of 2006 today. These results have reflected various different happenings. The second quarter of 2006, for us, has really been an excellent quarter for various reasons.&nbsp;First of all, because, if we look at the results, and we'll be talking about this later, in my opinion we have to admit that they are especially good this quarter. Especially taking into account the fact that we
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 11122 wordsUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: [interpreted] First of all we'll have the presentation from chief operating officer, Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri, then we will take questions from the room first of all, from the people who are here. Then we'll take questions over the conference call and then finally we'll take questions over the webcast.As always, Isabel will help us by reading them out here so everybody can hear them. And then as always, those of you who are actually here with us today can come and have a quick coffee with us. We can't spend too much time on it because we've got a press conference afterwards, but at least we'll have a coffee together. So, many thanks.&nbsp;JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT & COO, BBVA S.A.: [interpreted] Well good morning everyone. First of all good morning to those of who you are actually here and then good morning to all of you who are following us over the webcast. It's another quarter that's gone by and we now want to share the results of it with you. This quarter, once again, we're presenting results that you've probably got quite used to hearing which are results of strong growth driven by the
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 9883 wordsMANUEL GONZALEZ CID, CFO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA: Good morning, everyone. We are going to start the presentation of the results from the first half of 2005. As always, we will follow the same format. Jose Ignacio will give us a presentation, as COO, after which we will open the floor to questions. Well, first of all, we will take questions from the floor and then we will take questions over the webcast related to the presentation. And then, as before, as we did last time, we will have a conference call for some more questions. And then, we will finish this event. And those of you who are actually here in the room, you can come and have a cup of coffee with us. So many thanks, and I give the floor to Jose Ignacio.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, COO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA: Well, good morning, everyone. Thank you very much for coming here today, those of you who are here in the room. And many thanks for your attention, those of you who are following us over the webcast. As you very well know, today we are going to be presenting the results for the second quarter
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 9231 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas Blasco BBVA Group - Head of IR * Angel Cano BBVA Group - President and COO * Manuel Gonzalez Cid BBVA Group - CFOPresentationTOMAS BLASCO, HEAD OF IR, BBVA GROUP: (technical difficulty) presenting the results for the third quarter of 2010. As we usually do, we are going to have this presentation given by our COO Angel Cano and the CFO, Manuel Gonzalez Cid.After the presentation, as we usually do, again we will have a Q&A session and, as we did in the second quarter presentation, in order to be more efficient in the Q&A, we will try to group the questions together by theme. If, for reasons of time, we can't answer all your questions, then during the day the Investor Relations Department will get back to you to answer any questions that have been left in the air.So, Angel, you can go ahead.&nbsp;ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT AND COO, BBVA GROUP: Good morning and welcome to this presentation of the BBVA Group's results for the third quarter of 2010. Just to start things off, yesterday, when we were presenting these results to the Board of Directors, a member of the Board said to me that
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 9425 wordsJOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A: We are going to start with the Q1 Results Presentation on the basis of the cycle of 2004. As always we will start with the CRO giving the presentation, the basic one, and then we will open the floor to questions. And this time apart from the questions that we will have with the Webcast and from here from the floor we will also have conference call questions, which will come over directly.So first of all we will deal with the questions from the public here, then the questions from the public of the conference call. And then Isabel will be here just in case there are problems hearing the questions. And then we will have the Webcast questions. So we would like to thank all of you for coming here, and to thank you for coming we will give you coffee in the room next door after the presentation is over. Thank you very much.&nbsp;Well good morning everyone. Many thanks for coming here. Those of you who have come here. And many thanks for your attention if you are listening to us over the Webcast as
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 11777 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas Blasco BBVA - Head of IR * Angel Cano BBVA - President and COO * Manuel Gonzalez Cid BBVA - CFOPresentationTOMAS BLASCO, HEAD OF IR, BBVA: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this webcast with the presentation of the BBVA Group results for the first quarter of 2011.The presentation and explanation of the results will be given, regarding the Group, by our COO, Angel Cano. And after that, talking about the relative performance of the different business areas by our CFO, Manuel Gonzalez Cid. As we always do, at the end of their presentations, we'll answer all the questions that we've received over the webcast. Any questions that can't be answered because there's not enough time will be dealt with by the people from our Investor Relations department today.So, Angel, I give the floor.&nbsp;ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT AND COO, BBVA: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this presentation of our results for the first quarter of 2011 for the BBVA Group.Before we start to talk about the results of the quarter as such, I wanted to briefly go over the environment that we have had during the quarter. We started the year better than we ended
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 12291 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas Blasco Sanchez Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - Head of IR * Angel Cano Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - COO * Manuel Gonzalez Cid Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - CFOPresentationTOMAS BLASCO SANCHEZ, HEAD OF IR, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A.: A very good morning to everyone and welcome to this webcast for the presentation of the BBVA Group earnings for the second quarter of 2011.The presentation, the explanation behind the results will be given by our COO, Angel Cano. And when we get to the Q&A, which comes immediately after the presentation, we will have with us Manuel Gonzalez Cid, who's the Chief Financial Officer for the BBVA Group. As always, all the questions that can't be answered because there's not enough time during the webcast will be dealt with by the Investor Relations team during today, during the rest of today.ANGEL CANO, COO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A.: Have we got a mouse here? I need a mouse. I'm very sorry about this, but I do need the mouse. Thank you very much Tomas. Good morning. And, as Tomas has already said, welcome to this presentation of the BBVA Group results for
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 12814 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas Blasco SanchezBBVA Group - Head of IR* Angel CanoBBVA Group - President & COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBBVA Group - CFOPresentationTOMAS BLASCO SANCHEZ, HEAD OF IR, BBVA GROUP: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this webcast for the presentation of the BBVA earnings for the first quarter of 2012. The presentation will be given by Angel Cano, our Chief Operating Officer. And then for the Q&A, which will take place immediately after the presentation, we'll also have with us Manuel Gonzalez Cid, our Chief Financial Officer.Any questions that can't be dealt with in the webcast due to lack of time will be answered by our Investor Relations team during the rest of the day.ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT & COO, BBVA GROUP: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this presentation of the BBVA Group earnings for the first quarter of 2012. This quarter, as has been said in previous occasions, has shown uneven growth in the environment in which we operate.First of all we've got Europe. And although there's been clear-cut progress, especially in fiscal matters, we still have to recognize that there are different fronts where there are still problems, like Greece. Despite the bailout plan, the
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 12994 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas Blasco SanchezBBVA - Head of IR* Angel CanoBBVA - President & COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBBVA - CFOPresentationTOMAS BLASCO SANCHEZ, HEAD OF IR, BBVA: A very good morning to everyone. Welcome to this webcast in which we're presenting the BBVA Group results for the second quarter of 2012. The presentation will be given by Angel Cano, the Chief Operating Officer for the Group. And then we will have a Q&A session immediately after the presentation. And Manuel Gonzalez Cid, the CFO for the Group, will be involved in that as well.As always, any questions that can't be answered during the webcast because of lack of time will be dealt with by the Investor Relations team during the rest of the day.Angel, you have the floor.&nbsp;ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT & COO, BBVA: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to this presentation of our results in the BBVA Group for the second quarter of 2012.Once again this quarter we've been dealing with a complex environment. First of all, the regulatory demands are becoming stricter and stricter with respect to the provisioning of real estate assets in Spain, and we're also seeing very uneven growth in the different economies in which we
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	FinalCorporate Participants* Angel Cano Fernandez BBVA S.A. - COO and President * Manuel Gonzalez Cid BBVA S.A. - CFO * Carmen Hernansanz BBVA S.A. - Head, IRConference Call Participants* Eva Hernandez Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Javier Bernat Caja Madrid Bolsa - Analyst * Jernej Omahen Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Irma Garrido Ahorro Corporacion Financiera - Analyst * Arturo de Frias Evolution - Analyst * Carlos Digrandi HSBC - Analyst * Matteo Ramenghi UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: (Interpreted). Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this presentation of results for 2009 here in the BBVA Group. We're going to use the usual format. First of all, we'll talk about the results at Group level. Angel Cano, our COO, will be talking about that. And then Manuel Gonzalez Cid, our CFO, will start to talk about the different earnings in the different business areas.&nbsp;And then we'll have our Q&A period and, as usual, first of all we'll start with the questions arising here in the room. Secondly, we'll take some questions over the conference call and then, finally, we'll take in the questions that come over the webcast. For those of you who are here, physically, you can come and have a
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 12218 wordsCorporate Participants* Carmen Hernansanz BBVA - Head of IR * Angel Cano BBVA - President & COO * Manuel Gonzalez Cid BBVA - CFOConference Call Participants* Irma Garrido Ahorro Corporacion - Analyst * Eva Hernandez Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jernej Omahen Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Luis Pena JB Capital - Analyst * Javier Bernat Caja Madrid - Analyst * Arturo de Frias Evolution Securities - AnalystPresentationMadrid Jun 22, 2010 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA) earnings conference call or presentation Wednesday, April 28, 2010 at 7:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Carmen HernansanzBBVA - Head of IR* Angel CanoBBVA - President & COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBBVA - CFOConference Call Participants* Irma GarridoAhorro Corporacion - Analyst* Eva HernandezMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jernej OmahenGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Luis PenaJB Capital - Analyst* Javier BernatCaja Madrid - Analyst* Arturo de FriasEvolution Securities - AnalystPresentationCARMEN HERNANSANZ, HEAD OF IR, BBVA: (Interpreted) Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this presentation of the results for the first quarter here in the BBVA Group. Today's order is going to be the usual one. First of all, we are going to be presenting the results. Angel Cano, our
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 9802 wordsCorporate Participants* Manuel Gonzalez Cid BBVA S.A. - CFO * Angel Cano BBVA S.A. - COO * Manolo Sanchez BBVA S.A. - CEO, President * Tomas Blasco BBVA S.A. - Head, IRPresentationMadrid Jul 28, 2010 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA) earnings conference call or presentation Wednesday, July 28, 2010 at 7:30:00am GMTTEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants&nbsp;* Manuel Gonzalez CidBBVA S.A. - CFO* Angel CanoBBVA S.A. - COO* Manolo SanchezBBVA S.A. - CEO, President* Tomas BlascoBBVA S.A. - Head, IRPresentationMANUEL GONZALEZ CID, CFO, BBVA S.A.: Good morning, to everyone. I'm Manuel Gonzalez Cid and I'm the CFO for the BBVA Group. As you know, today we have the presentation of the second-quarter results, so our COO, Angel Cano, will be giving that presentation. But first of all, with respect to the latest presentations, there are going to be two changes today that I want to talk about. First of all we'll talk about something that's purely technical in nature.Because of all the problems we had with the soundtrack in the conference call coming out of this room, and also the problems we had with the coupling of lines the last presentation, we
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 13403 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas Blasco BBVA Group - Head of IR * Angel Cano BBVA Group - COO, President * Manuel Gonzalez Cid BBVA Group - CFOPresentationTOMAS BLASCO, HEAD OF IR, BBVA GROUP: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to this webcast in which we are presenting the earnings of the BBVA Group for the year 2010. The presentation of the results obtained will be done by our Chief Operating Officer, Angel Cano, whilst taking about the group within the entire economy and then our CFO, Manuel Gonzalez Cid will be talking about the different business areas in the group.And then we will have a Q&A session in which we will take on all the questions that come over the webcast to us. If we don't have enough time to answer all of the questions during the webcast, the investor relations team will be getting back to you with their answers during today.So, Angel, whenever you wish, you have the floor.&nbsp;ANGEL CANO, COO, PRESIDENT, BBVA GROUP: Welcome to this presentation of the BBVA Group's earnings for the final quarter and the entire year of 2010. One thing is pretty clear, this year has been the fourth year, not the fourth full
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 9525 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas Blasco SanchezBBVA S.A. - Head of IR* Angel CanoBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - President and COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - CFOPresentationTOMAS BLASCO SANCHEZ, HEAD OF IR, BBVA S.A.: A very good morning to everyone. And welcome to this webcast, for which we'll be presenting the results of the BBVA Group for 2012. The presentation will be given by Angel Cano, who's our President and COO. And then we'll have a Q&A session immediately after the presentation with the participation of Manuel Gonzalez Cid, who's our CFO.As always, any questions that can't be covered due to lack of time during the webcast will be dealt with the Investor Relations Team during the rest of the day. Angel, you have the floor.ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT AND COO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A.: Good morning. And welcome to this presentation of results for the BBVA Group corresponding to the financial year 2012. Now, that was a year that we can all agree was a very difficult, very tough year. We went through possibly the worst moments of the crisis of sovereign debt. We shouldn't forget that around about July, the risk premium for Spain
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 11919 wordsCorporate Participants* Angel CanoBBVA S.A. - President & COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBBVA S.A. - CFOPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Good morning to everyone. Welcome to this webcast presenting the BBVA Group earnings for the first quarter of 2013. The presentation and explanation behind the earnings will be given by Angel Cano, who is the Group's President and Chief Operating Officer, then immediately afterwards we will have the Q&A. And Manuel Gonzalez Cid is here to accompany us on -- our CFO. And any questions that can't be answered during the webcast, as always, will be covered by the Investor Relations team some time during the rest of the day.ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT & COO, BBVA S.A.: Good morning everyone and welcome to this presentation of the BBVA Group earnings for the first quarter of 2013. I think it would be a good idea before I start to go over the highlights for this quarter to also go over some of the comments that we made during the presentation for the 2012 year and earnings when we talked about how we expected 2013 to roll out and the main tendencies we were expecting.&nbsp;To start with, we talked about one concept which was
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 12526 wordsCorporate Participants* Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri BBVA S.A. - President and COO * Carmen Hernansanz BBVA S.A. - Head of IR * Manuel Gonzalez Cid BBVA S.A. - CFOConference Call Participants* Luis Pena M&B Capital Advisers - Analyst * Irma Garrido Ahorro Corporacion - Analyst * Arturo de Frias Evolution - Analyst * Antonio Ramirez Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - AnalystPresentationMadrid Oct 9, 2009 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA) earnings conference call or presentation Tuesday, July 28, 2009 at 7:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Jose Ignacio GoirigolzarriBBVA S.A. - President and COO* Carmen HernansanzBBVA S.A. - Head of IR* Manuel Gonzalez CidBBVA S.A. - CFOConference Call Participants* Luis PenaM&B Capital Advisers - Analyst* Irma GarridoAhorro Corporacion - Analyst* Arturo de FriasEvolution - Analyst* Antonio RamirezKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - AnalystPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: (Interpreted) Good morning, everyone. As always, we're going to go ahead, now, with the presentation of our results for the first half of 2009. And, as we always do, our COO will give us a presentation, after which we'll be able to deal with any questions that you have in the same order we always follow.First of all, questions
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 13174 wordsCorporate Participants* Carmen Hernansanz BBVA S.A. - Head, IR * Angel Cano BBVA S.A. - President and COO * Manuel Gonzalez BBVA S.A. - CFOConference Call Participants* Daragh Quinn Nomura International - Analyst * Irma Garrido Ahorro Corporacion - Analyst * Arturo de Frias Evolution Securities - Analyst * Jernej Omahen Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Matteo Ramenghi UBS - AnalystPresentationMadrid Oct 27, 2009 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA) earnings conference call or presentation Tuesday, October 27, 2009 at 8:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Carmen HernansanzBBVA S.A. - Head, IR* Angel CanoBBVA S.A. - President and COO* Manuel GonzalezBBVA S.A. - CFOConference Call Participants* Daragh QuinnNomura International - Analyst* Irma GarridoAhorro Corporacion - Analyst* Arturo de FriasEvolution Securities - Analyst* Jernej OmahenGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Matteo RamenghiUBS - AnalystPresentationCARMEN HERNANSANZ, HEAD, IR, BBVA S.A.: (Interpreted). Good morning, everyone. We're delighted to present the third quarter earnings for the BBVA. So, first of all, Angel Cano, our President and COO, will give you a general overview of the results for the Group. And after that, Manuel Gonzalez, our CFO, will give more details about the main highlights of each business area.
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 11325 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas BlascoBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - Head of IR* Angel CanoBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - President and COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - CFOPresentationTOMAS BLASCO, HEAD OF IR, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A.: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this webcast for the presentation of the BBVA results of the third quarter of 2011. This presentation regarding the results will be given by Angel Cano, who is the Group COO. And during the Q&A, which will take place immediately after the presentation, we will also have Manuel Gonzalez Cid with us, the CFO for the Group. Any questions that can't be answered over the webcast will be dealt with by the Investor Relations team during today.ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT AND COO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A.: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to this presentation of the third-quarter results for the BBVA Group, this 2011. Let's start by very quickly looking at the environment. I'm not going to repeat yet again words about the situation we were in in the first two quarters of the year, but in this third quarter maybe we've seen even greater stress because of the uncertainty hovering over all
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 11312 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas Blasco SanchezBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - Head of IR* Angel CanoBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - President and COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - CFOPresentationTOMAS BLASCO SANCHEZ, HEAD OF IR, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A.: Good morning and welcome to this presentation of the 2011 results for the BBVA. We will have the presentation first. Afterwards there will be a Q&A and we'll also be receiving questions over webcast, after which the Investor Relations department will be open to any further questions. Angel Cano.ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT AND COO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A.: Good morning and welcome to this presentation of the BBVA Group's results for the year ending December 31, 2011. We're going to be going over the highlights to the performance of the Group and then we'll go on and have a look at the key factors driving the different business areas.I'd like to start by just having a look at the macroeconomic environment worldwide. At the end of the year, the word economy will have grown nearly 4%. And if we look at where that growth is coming from, South America will be growing about 6.5%, Mexico, where
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 12475 wordsCorporate Participants* Tomas Blasco SanchezBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA - Head of IR* Angel CanoBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA - President & COO* Manuel Gonzalez CidBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA - CFOPresentationTOMAS BLASCO SANCHEZ, HEAD OF IR, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA: (technical difficulty) Afterwards we will have a Q&A with Manuel Gonzalez Cid, who's the Group CFO. As always, any issues that can't be covered during the webcast will be dealt with by the Investor Relations team during the rest of today. So, Angel, you have the floor.ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT & COO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to this presentation of the BBVA Group third-quarter results for 2012.I'd like to start by highlighting some of the progress made in Europe and in Spain over the last quarter. These are things that we can consider significant.&nbsp;Firstly, and most importantly, the firm unequivocal backing that the EU is giving to the euro, with the announcement of the quantitative easing here in the EU. There's been an important step forward with a sound backing given to the financial market, with an unlimited buying of bonds from European institutions through the new mechanism set up in
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 13341 wordsCorporate Participants* Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA - President & COO * Manuel Gonzalez Cid Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA - CFOConference Call Participants* Carlos Garcia ING - Analyst * Jagoba Garcia Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * Antonio Ramirez Keefe Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * John-Paul Crutchley Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Paul Tucker Egerton Capital - Analyst * Sergio Gamez Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Arturo de Frias DrKW - AnalystPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: (Interpreted). Good morning everyone. As you know, today we're going to be presenting the results for the first quarter of 2008, and as we always do really, Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri, our chief operating officer, will give a presentation, after which we'll open the floor to questions. First of all, we'll take questions from here, then over a conference call, and then over the webcast. And as always, those of you who are physically present can have a physical cup of coffee afterwards.&nbsp;Okay, you have the floor.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT & COO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA: (Interpreted). Good morning, everyone. It's a great point of satisfaction for me yet again to be with you here this quarter. It's another quarter
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 11810 wordsCorporate Participants* Angel CanoBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - President and COO* Tomas BlascoBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - Head of IR* Manuel Gonzalez CidBanco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. - CFOPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to this webcast for the presentation of the BBVA Group results for the third quarter of 2013. The presentation and explanation will be given by our COO, Angel Cano, and then we'll have a Q&A, which will take place immediately after the presentation, which will also have our CFO, Manuel Gonzalez Cid, there to help us.Any questions that for reasons of time can't be answered during the webcast will be dealt with by the Investor Relations team during the rest of the day. Angel, you have the floor.ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT AND COO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A.: Welcome to this presentation of results of the BBVA Group for the third quarter of 2013. Before we start to look at the highlights, as we always do every quarter, there are some highlights in the news that I wanted to cover.&nbsp;I'd say that the tendencies that we've been talking about and we've been observing for some time are now becoming increasingly concerned this
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 9104 wordsMANUEL GONZALEZ CID, CFO, BBVA: Good morning, everybody. [Inaudible] of all kinds in Spain and internationally. There are an awful lot of things going on. I know that you've got a lot of other things to do but I hope that you'll be interested in hearing what BBVA's been doing, because we've got excellent results to present to you, as Jose Ignacio will now show.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT AND CEO, BBVA S.A.: Good morning, everyone. Many thanks for coming here and many thanks for your attention. The presentation of results, as we usually do here, is going to be structured in different parts. We will start by talking to you about the Group results and then go on and look at all the different business areas, with the new organization that we set up at the end of last year. And then, finally, I'll be reaching certain conclusions.So, first of all, just to give you a snapshot of how we see the results for this first quarter, we want to tell you that we think they're excellent. And we'll be going into more detail later, so you'll be able to see that. We're starting with a strong business
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	LENGTH: 11174 wordsMANUEL GONZALEZ CID, CFO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.: (interpreted) Good morning, everyone. We are now going to start to give the results for the first half year of 2007 for the BBVA Group. And, as always, we want to say there's not going to be any change in the way we organize things. First of all, we'll have the presentation from our COO, Mr. Goirigolzarri, and then we'll have a Q&A session. [Isabel Goiri] is here, who's in charge of Investor Relations, and she'll be chairing the session and taking the questions, first of all, from the room here and then taking the questions from the conference call. And then, finally, we're taking questions over e-mail through the webcast. And, as always, for those of you who've actually come here physically, we're delighted to invite you to the coffee afterwards. So, many thanks.&nbsp;JOS&Eacute; IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT AND COO, BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.: (interpreted) And a very good morning to everyone. First of all, I'd like to welcome you and thank you for being here at this event, whether you're here in real terms or virtual terms. We're presenting the results for the first semester here in
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 12090 wordsSIR PETER MIDDLETON, CHAIRMAN, BARCLAYS BANK: Shall we make a start? Welcome, everyone. We've got three presentations from you -- Matt Barrett first, then Naguib and John Varley. They'll take about 40, 45 minutes, then we'll have questions. When we get to questions, could you please say who you are and where you come from? We'll try and wrap the whole thing up not later than 11 o'clock, though I hope we'll finish a bit before that. So, Matt?MATTHEW BARRETT, CEO, BARCLAYS BANK: Good morning. We are just weeks away from a changing of the guard at Barclays. On September the 1st, John Varley will take on the CEO job, and I will succeed Sir Peter as chairman. Accordingly, my remarks today will be brief, so that you have the maximum time to hear from Naguib, our new finance director, on the results for the first half of the year, and then and most importantly, from John Varley, on his own priorities for the future as our new CEO.Barclays is today a very different bank then the one I joined five years ago. It is one that has turned challenges into opportunities for the future, and capitalizing on
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 16498 wordsCorporate Participants* Marcus Agius Barclays PLC - Group Chairman * Chris Lucas Barclays PLC - Group Finance Director * Robert Le Blanc Barclays PLC - Group Risk Director * John Varley Barclays PLC - Group Chief Executive * Bob Diamond Barclays PLC - Group President and Chief Executive of Investment Banking and Investment Management * Frits Seegers Barclays PLC - Chief Executive of Global Retail and Commercial BankingConference Call Participants* Simon Samuels Smith Barney Citigroup - Analyst * Robert Law Nomura - Analyst * John-Paul Crutchley UBS - Analyst * Michael Helsby Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Tom Rayner Citigroup - Analyst * Sandy Chen Panmure Gordon & Co - Analyst * Peter Toeman HSBC - Analyst * Leigh Goodwin Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationMARCUS AGIUS, GROUP CHAIRMAN, BARCLAYS PLC: Right, morning everybody. Welcome to this presentation of our 2008 results. You're all very welcome. We've heard that there's been some disruption in the city, at one of the tube stations, so a number of people may be joining us late. So, we'll see.Anyway I'm sure that all of you will have seen the open letter, which John Varley and I wrote and sent out a couple of weeks
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 10140 wordsCorporate Participants* Antony JenkinsBarclays PLC - Group Chief Executive* Chris LucasBarclays PLC - Group Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Chris MannersMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Raul SinhaJPMorgan - Analyst* JP CrutchleyUBS - Analyst* Fiona SwaffieldRoyal Bank of Canada - Analyst* Chintan JoshiNomura - Analyst* Peter ToemanHSBC - Analyst&nbsp;* Manus CostelloAutonomous Research - Analyst* Tom RaynerExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Edward FirthMacquarie Research - Analyst* Fahed KunwarRedburn Partners - Analyst* Chira BaruaSanford C. Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Barclays half-year results analysts' and investors' conference call. I will now hand you over to Anthony Jenkins, Group Chief Executive.ANTONY JENKINS, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS PLC: Good morning, and thank you for joining this call. With me today are Chris Lucas, Barclays' Finance Director; and Charlie Rozes, our Head of Investor Relations.You will have seen by now the announcements we issued this morning, which cover our first half performance update; progress on Barclays Transform commitment; and the outcomes of a discussion we've been having with the PRA on capital. I will focus my remarks this morning on the last of these matters.As you know, on February 12, I shared the outcome of our comprehensive strategic review; our goal of becoming both go-to
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 6571 wordsCorporate Participants* Chris LucasBarclays PLC - Group Finance Director* Benoit de VitryBarclays PLC - Treasurer* Robert Le BlancBarclays PLC - Chief Risk OfficerConference Call Participants* Lee StreetMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Alan BauJPMorgan - Analyst* Corinne CunninghamAutonomous - Analyst* James HydeUSA Prudential - Analyst* Louise PittGoldman Sachs - Analyst&nbsp;* Tobias GrunWellington Managment - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Barclays half-year results fixed-income investor conference call. I will now hand you over to Chris Lucas, the Group's Finance Director.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS PLC: Good afternoon, and welcome to our interim results fixed-income call.This is the second fixed-income call that we have done, and due to your feedback in February, we just have to keep the format the same. I'll start by highlighting some key aspects of our results. I'll then hand over to Benoit De Vitry, our Group Treasurer, who will talk about funding, liquidity, and capital, as well as balance sheets and leverage. After that we will open up for questions. This call is designed to address issues affecting our debt holders. We then intend to discuss the rights issues, that we announced this morning.Moving on to the results, we've seen the (inaudible) solid performance this morning in
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 12520 wordsJOHN VARLEY, CHIEF GROUP EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Thank you, Matt, and good morning. Before I get going, can I introduce my colleagues who will be helping Matt, Naguib and me with the questions and answers today. They are Bob Diamond, who is President of the Group; Gary Hoffman, Chairman of UK Banking and of Barclaycard; David Roberts, Chief Executive of International Retail and Commercial Banking; and Paul Idzik, Chief Operating Officer.Our ambition, as you know, is to position Barclays as one of the handful of universal banks leading the global industry. And our portfolio of businesses both legitimizes this ambition and helps us with its realization. We have a simply stated business purpose -- this is to help our customers and clients achieve their goals.In executing our strategy, we are clear about what we are seeking to achieve on behalf of our owners. That is higher growth. This is what drives our investment priorities, and this is what has led us to expand our business range and geographical presence. We know that our owners expect good short-term profit performance. But we also know that they want us to invest for the future.&nbsp;Our business model is different to
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 12467 wordsJOHN VARLEY, CHIEF GROUP EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: I have a request which is telephones and Blackberries get turned off, and before we start, can I, as I usually do, introduce my colleagues, most of whom, of course, you know; Bob Diamond, President of the Group; Gary Hoffman, David Roberts, Frits Seegers, who's joined us recently as Chief Executive of Global Retail & Commercial Banking; and Paul Idzik. And then alongside me on stage as usual, Naguib Kheraj.It's vital in a Group as diverse as ours to be able to state simply our business purpose, and our business purpose is to help our customers and clients achieve their goals. In executing on that purpose, we're also clear about what we're seeking to achieve on behalf of our owners, which is higher growth. We know that our owners expect us to deliver good, short-term profit performance, and it seems to me that we are delivering just that with the excellent results that we've released today.Profit before tax is up 37%; earnings per share are up 25%; economic profit up 38%; our return on equity was 26%; and we've increased the dividend by 14%. Results like these reflect the successful
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 12663 wordsJOHN VARLEY, CEO, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Here we are, one of our new gizmos. Anyway, we're very happy to welcome you here to our new headquarters at 1 Churchill Place. And we will follow the usual format this morning but before we start, can I just introduce my ex-co team - Naguib Kheraj, the Group Finance Director, David Roberts from International Retail Commercial Banking, Gary Hoffman from Barclaycard, Roger Davis from U.K. Banking, Bob Diamond from Barclays Capital, Barclays Global Investors and Wealth Management, and Paul Idzik, the Chief Operating Officer. Thank you, I'll hand over to Naguib.NAGUIB KHERAJ, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good morning everybody. I'm delighted to be reporting another strong set of results this morning. Today's numbers are a clear demonstration that our strategy is working. Before I go into the numbers, let me quickly clarify the basis on which we're reporting today.Our 2005 results include all the IFRS standards. But 2004 comparables exclude IAS32, IAS39 and IFRS4. We have decided it's clearer to give one set of numbers under IFRS, rather than try and estimate pro formas under U.K. GAAP as well.&nbsp;So, moving to the headlines, profit before tax is up 9%
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 13003 wordsMATTHEW BARRETT, CHAIRMAN, BARCLAYS BANK: Good morning. Thanks very much for attending. I guess this will kick off a round of bank reporting over the next several weeks.Today is special for us. It is the first results presentation for John Varley in the role of CEO and for me as Chairman.2004 was a very successful year for Barclays with record pretax profits and a total shareholder return of 23 percent. That was first in our peer group of international investment banks.&nbsp;In addition to the delivery of strong financial performance, 2004 was, of course, a year of transition to the new leadership team. The transition was managed smoothly and it was completed earlier than originally anticipated and the executive team assumed new roles and have all settled down well. Also, as you'll hear from John, good progress was made in accelerating the execution of our strategic agenda.This morning's presentations will follow the usual format. Naguib Kheraj, Finance Director, will begin and take you through the numbers and then John Varley will follow. And then after John's presentation there will be a Q&A session and we are targeting to finish and get you out of here by 11 o'clock.So over
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 10984 wordsCorporate Participants* Bob Diamond Barclays Plc - Chief Executive * Chris Lucas Barclays Plc - Group Finance Director * Rich Ricci Barclays plc - Co-Chief Executive Corporate and Investment Bank * Anthony Jenkins Barclays Plc - Chief Executive GRB * Jerry del Missier Barclays Plc - President Barclays Capital and Co-Chief Executive Corporate Investment Bank * Robert Le Blanc Barclays Plc - Chief Risk OfficerConference Call Participants* John-Paul Crutchley UBS - Analyst * Michael Helsby BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Fiona Swaffield RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Chris Manners Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ian Gordon Evolution - Analyst * Tom Rayner Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Jason Napier Deutsche Bank Research - Analyst * Robert Law Nomura International Plc - Analyst * Ian Smillie RBS - Analyst * John Kirk Redburn Partners - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationBOB DIAMOND, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS PLC: Good morning. Thanks for joining us today. In February this year, I set out our targets for 2013. At our Investor Day in June, we gave you more detail about how we intend to reach them. We are now six months in, and the results we are reporting today represent the first stage on that
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 10712 wordsCorporate Participants* Marcus AgiusBarclays Plc - Chairman* Chris LucasBarclays Plc - Group Finance Director* Rich RicciBarclays Plc - Co-Chief Executive Corporate Investment Bank* Robert Le BlancBarclays Plc - Chief Risk Officer* Antony JenkinsBarclays Plc - Chief Executive GRB* Tom KalarisBarclays Plc - Chief Executive, Barclays WealthConference Call Participants* Michael Helsby&nbsp;Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Andrew CoombsCitigroup - Analyst* J-P CrutchleyUBS - Analyst* Tom RaynerExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Manus CostelloAutonomous Research - Analyst* Raul SinhaJPMorgan - Analyst* Chris MannersMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Chintan JoshiNomura International Plc - Analyst* Jon KirkRedburn Partners - Analyst* Ian GordonInvestec Bank (UK) Plc - Analyst* Andrew LimEspirito Santo Investment Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Barclays half-year results analysts and investors conference call. I will now hand you over to Marcus Agius, Group Chairman.MARCUS AGIUS, CHAIRMAN, BARCLAYS PLC: I'm joined here by Chris Lucas, and also by our other ExCo colleagues. Before Chris takes us through the detail of our good results for the first half, and before we take Q&A, I'd like to say a few words about our current situation.This has been a difficult few weeks for Barclays. A great deal has been said about recent issues, and while
Barclays Bank PLC	FinalCorporate Participants* Marcus Agius Barclays PLC - Chairman * Chris Lucas Barclays PLC - Group Finance Director * Robert Le Blanc Barclays PLC - Group Risk Director * John Varley Barclays PLC - Group Chief Executive * Antony Jenkins Barclays PLC - Chief Executive GRB * Bob Diamond Barclays PLC - President and Chief Executive of CIB * Jerry del Missier Barclays PLC - President Barclays Capital * Rich Ricci Barclays PLC - Co-Chief Executive Corporate Investment Bank * Tom Kalaris Barclays PLC - Chief Executive Barclays WealthConference Call Participants* John-Paul Crutchley UBS - Analyst * Robert Law Nomura - Analyst * Ian Smillie RBS - Analyst * Manus Costello Autonomous Research - Analyst * Peter Toeman HSBC - Analyst * Aaron Ibbotson Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Fiona Swaffield Execution Noble - Analyst * Bruce Packard Seymour Pierce - Analyst * Arturo de Frias Evolution - Analyst * Leigh Goodwin Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Helsby Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationMARCUS AGIUS, CHAIRMAN, BARCLAYS PLC: Some of you many have seen that I made a statement this morning about the decision of John Varley and Bob Diamond to waive a bonus for 2009, despite the exceptional results
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 15353 wordsCorporate Participants* Marcus Agius Barclays Plc - Chairman * Chris Lucas Barclays Plc - Group Finance Director * Robert Le Blanc Barclays Plc - Chief Risk Officer * John Varley Barclays Plc - Group Chief Executive * Bob Diamond Barclays Plc - Group President * Jerry del Missier Barclays Plc - President, Barclays Capital and Co-Chief Executive, Corporate Investment BankConference Call Participants* Chris Manners Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John-Paul Crutchley UBS - Analyst * Robert Law Nomura International Plc - Analyst * Manus Costello Autonomous Research - Analyst * Alistair Ryan UBS - Analyst * Ian Smillie RBS - Analyst * Arturo De Frias Evolution - Analyst * Michael Helsby BofA Merrill Lynch International - Analyst * Fiona Swaffield Execution Noble - Analyst * Leigh Goodwin Citi - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationMARCUS AGIUS, CHAIRMAN, BARCLAYS PLC: Welcome to this presentation of the 2010 interim results for Barclays.The running order this morning will follow a familiar pattern. We're going to start off with a presentation from Chris Lucas, our Group Finance Director, who's going to take us through the numbers. He is going to be followed by Robert Le Blanc, our Chief risk Officer, who's going to dig behind those numbers
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 10914 wordsCorporate Participants* Marcus Agius Barclays plc - Chairman * Bob Diamond Barclays plc - Chief Executive * Chris Lucas Barclays plc - Group Finance Director * Jerry del Missier Barclays plc - Co-Chief Executive, Barclays Capital & Co-Chief Executive, Corporate Investment Bank * Rich Ricci Barclays plc - Co-Chief Executive, Corporate Investment Bank * Anthony Jenkins Barclays plc - Chief Executive, Global Retail BankingConference Call Participants* John-Paul Crutchley UBS - Analyst * Cormac Leech Canaccord Genuity - Analyst * Michael Helsby BofA-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Bruce Packard Seymour Pierce Ltd. - Analyst * Mike Trippitt Oriel Securities - Analyst * Peter Toeman HSBC Global Research - Analyst * Andrew Lim Matrix - Analyst * Ian Smillie RBS - Analyst * Chris Wheeler Mediobanca - Analyst * Alastair Ryan UBS - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationMARCUS AGIUS, CHAIRMAN, BARCLAYS PLC: I think we're pretty much all here. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for coming. Welcome to this presentation of the Barclays 2010 annual results. We're going to follow our normal format, Bob and Chris on the podium. Can I ask you in the normal way, please do turn your mobile phones off, and that way we won't be interrupted. Thank you very
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 7873 wordsCorporate Participants* Chris LucasBarclays Plc - Group Finance Director* Robert Le BlancBarclays Plc - Chief Risk Officer* Rich RicciBarclays Plc - Co-Chief Executive Corporate Investment BankConference Call Participants* Chris MannersMorgan Stanley - Analyst* JP CrutchleyUBS - Analyst* Michael HelsbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Andrew CoombsCiti - Analyst&nbsp;* Raul SinhaJPMorgan - Analyst* Manus CostelloAutonomous Research - Analyst* Ian GordonInvestec Bank (UK) Plc - Analyst* Andrew LimEspirito Santo Investment Bank - Analyst* Fiona SwaffieldRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Chintan JoshiNomura International Plc - Analyst* Gary GreenwoodShore Capital - Analyst* Christopher WheelerMediobanca - Analyst* Mike TrippittNumis - Analyst* Jason NapierDeutsche Bank Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Barclays 2012 full-year results analyst and investor conference call. I will now hand you over to Chris Lucas, Group Finance Director.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS PLC: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. As you know, this is an important day for Barclays. We announced the key conclusions from our strategic review this morning, and Antony will give a presentation on them this afternoon. The Executive Committee will be there to answer questions, and the event will be webcast.The purpose of this call is to focus purely on the
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 6607 wordsCorporate Participants* Chris LucasBarclays Bank PLC - Group Finance Director* Benoit de VitryBarclays Bank PLC - Group TreasurerConference Call Participants* Corinne CunninghamAutonomous Research - Analyst* Ivan ZuboBNP Parabas - Analyst* Juan PeraltaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* James HydeUSA Prudential - Analyst* Lee StreetMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Gildas SurryCitigroup - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Barclays 2012 full year results fixed income investor Conference Call. I will now hand you over to Chris Lucas, Group Finance Director.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our very first fixed income results call. We plan to make this a regular feature of the full and half year so we can address revenue topics for fixed income investors in more detail and provide further insights into our thinking on the key issues of Barclays. I'm here with our Group Treasurer, Benoit de Vitry. I'll make a brief introduction and hand it over to Benoit.Together, we'll talk for about 15 minutes and then we'll move on to questions where we'll be joined by a number of people, by Paolo Tonucci who is responsible for Funding and Liquidity Management; Jennifer Moreland, Managing Director within our Treasury Execution Services Team;
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 14783 wordsCorporate Participants* John Varley Barclays Bank Plc - Group Chief Executive * Chris Lucas Barclays Bank Plc - Group FD * Frits Seegers Barclays PLC - Chief Executive of GRCB * Bob Diamond Barclays PLC - Group PresidentConference Call Participants* Peter Toeman HSBC - Analyst * Ian Smillie ABN Amro - Analyst * Alastair Ryan UBS - Analyst * Simon Samuels Citigroup - Analyst * Tom Rayner Citigroup - Analyst * Tim Sykes Execution - Analyst * Derek Chambers Standard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Robert Law Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Michael Helsby Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Manus Costello Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationLondon Aug 8, 2008 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of Barclays PLC earnings conference call or presentation Thursday, August 7, 2008 at 8:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* John VarleyBarclays Bank Plc - Group Chief Executive* Chris LucasBarclays Bank Plc - Group FD* Frits SeegersBarclays PLC - Chief Executive of GRCB* Bob DiamondBarclays PLC - Group PresidentConference Call Participants* Peter ToemanHSBC - Analyst* Ian SmillieABN Amro - Analyst* Alastair RyanUBS - Analyst* Simon SamuelsCitigroup - Analyst* Tom RaynerCitigroup - Analyst* Tim SykesExecution - Analyst* Derek ChambersStandard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst*
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 14541 wordsJOHN VARLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good morning and welcome. I think we're ready to start. I'm joined this morning by Group Chairman, Marcus Agius, who's in the front row and then on stage by my Exco colleagues, Bob Diamond the Group President; Frits Seegers, Chief Executive of Global Retail and Commercial Banking; and Chris Lucas, the Group Finance Director.We're going to do things just slightly differently this morning. We will start with a presentation by Chris on the numbers in the usual way. But then we're going to have Frits and Bob talk about their business areas, giving you the context, giving you the performance details and giving you the outlook. And then I will wrap up.Now, the effect of that will be that we'll take a bit longer in our presentations than we usually do, but I hope you'll feel that that's in a good cause. We want to make sure that we cover the ground properly for you. But we will leave plenty of time for Q&A at the end, I assure you. And our intention is that we'll be finished by no later than 11 o'clock.&nbsp;Our theme as we present to you
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 13900 wordsCorporate Participants* Marcus Agius Barclays PLC - Chairman * Chris Lucas Barclays PLC - Group Financial Director * Robert Le Blanc Barclays PLC - Group Risk Director * John Varley Barclays PLC - Chief Executive * Bob Diamond Barclays PLC - Group President * Frits Seegers GRCB - Chief ExecutiveConference Call Participants* Jon Kirk Redburn Partners - Analyst * Alastair Ryan UBS - Analyst * Michael Helsby Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Robert Law Nomura - Analyst * Paul Lee Hermes - Analyst * Leigh Goodwin Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * Sandy Chen Panmure Gordon - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)&nbsp;MARCUS AGIUS, CHAIRMAN, BARCLAYS PLC: (Conference in progress) -- 2009. Thank you very much for coming, and thank you in particular for the accommodation you are showing to us on what is a very busy day for results. We do appreciate that. We are going to follow the format you are now familiar with in that there will be three presentations, starting with Chris Lucas, our Group Finance Director, followed by Robert Le Blanc, our Group Risk Director, and then John Varley, our Chief Executive. That will be followed by, as you would expect, a Q&A session, and those three
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 13101 wordsCorporate Participants* Bob DiamondBarclays PLC - Chief Executive* Chris LucasBarclays PLC - Group Finance Director* Rich RicciBarclays PLC - Co-Chief Executive Corporate Investment Bank* Jerry del MissierBarclays PLC - President, Barclays Capital and Co-Chief Executive Corporate Investment Bank* Antony JenkinsBarclays PLC - Chief Executive GRB* Robert Le BlancBarclays PLC - Chief Risk Officer* Maria RamosBarclays PLC - Group Chief Executive, Absa Group Ltd* Tom KalarisBarclays PLC - Chief Executive, Barclays WealthConference Call Participants* Tom RaynerExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Manus CostelloAutonomous Research - Analyst* Gary GreenwoodShore Capital - Analyst* Michael HelsbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Ed FirthMacquarie Research - Analyst* Fiona SwaffieldRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Peter ToemanHSBC - Analyst* Robert LawNomura - Analyst* Mike TrippittOriel Securities - Analyst* Chris MannersMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Chintan JoshiNomura - Analyst* Ian GordonInvestec - Analyst* Andrew CoombsCitigroup - AnalystPresentationBOB DIAMOND, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS PLC: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the full-year results. You will see this morning that our performance in 2011 was reassuring in a very challenging environment.We delivered profits of GBP5.6 billion for the year. The contribution from our businesses in Retail and Business banking broadly balanced those of Corporate and Investment banking. And revenues
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 13943 wordsJOHN VARLEY, GROUP CEO, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good morning, thank you very much for being with us. I hope you appreciate the new Art Deco mood the room. Can I ask you please to switch off your telephones and Blackberries? And then let me introduce the executive committee team in the usual way. Bob Diamond, Group President, Chris Lucas, Group Finance Director and, out front, Frits Seegers, Chief Executive of Global Retail and Commercial Banking, and Paul Idzik, the Chief Operating Officer. We're also joined this morning by Marcus Agius, the Chairman, and Gary Hoffman, the Vice Chairman.So what we're going to do is, Chris will kick off and then I will give you some remarks following that. And then, in the usual way, we will be open for your questions. Our intention is to finish by 11 o'clock latest. You're very welcome, I hope you have a productive session with us, thank you.&nbsp;CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Thank you, John, and good morning. We delivered over GBP7 billion of profit in 2007, showing the benefits of diversifying the business in recent years. Our Investment Banking and Investment Management businesses performed well, despite market turbulence
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 14044 wordsCorporate Participants* John Varley Barclays Bank plc - Group CEO * Chris Lucas Barclays Bank plc - Group Finance Director * Bob Diamond Barclays Bank plc - Group PresidentConference Call Participants* John-Paul Crutchley Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Simon Samuels Citigroup - Analyst * Robert Law Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Tom Layner Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Helsby Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Tim Sykes Execution - Analyst * Stephen Andrews UBS - Analyst * Ian Smillie ABN Ambro - Analyst * Leigh Goodwin Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * Sandy Chen Panmure Gordon - AnalystPresentationJOHN VARLEY, GROUP CEO, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good morning, thank you very much for being with us. I hope you appreciate the new Art Deco mood the room. Can I ask you please to switch off your telephones and Blackberries? And then let me introduce the executive committee team in the usual way. Bob Diamond, Group President, Chris Lucas, Group Finance Director and, out front, Frits Seegers, Chief Executive of Global Retail and Commercial Banking, and Paul Idzik, the Chief Operating Officer. We're also joined this morning by Marcus Agius, the Chairman, and Gary Hoffman, the Vice Chairman.&nbsp;So what we're going to do
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 11750 wordsMARCUS AGIUS, CHAIRMAN, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Welcome to this presentation of the Barclays results for 2006. In just a moment Naguib is going to take you through the numbers, and then John will be discussing in greater detail our performance, focusing on some of the areas which you have told us are important to you. And then this will be followed by a Q&A session in the normal way.This is my first results presentation so, as you can imagine, I'm delighted that we have reported such excellent figures. Our strategy of Earn, Invest and Grow is clearly delivering results. We've got an excellent executive team and I'm really looking forward to working with them. So with no further ado I'll pass you over to Naguib.NAGUIB KHERAJ, GROUP FINANCIAL DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good morning everyone. I'm really pleased to be announcing a great set of results today. U.K. Retail Banking delivered strong profit growth. There's been outstanding performance once again in Barclays Capital and BGI. And growth at Absa exceeded both our business case as well as market expectations.To give you the financial headlines. Income growth of 25% was well ahead of cost growth of 20%. Profit before
Barclays Bank PLC	LENGTH: 9776 wordsJOHN VARLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good morning, and thank you very much for joining us today. If I could just remind you to switch off telephones and blackberries, that would be very, very helpful. Can I start by introducing my team? I'm joined on stage by Bob Diamond, the Group President; and for the first time for our results, Chris Lucas, the Group Finance Director; and in the front row we've got Fritz Seegers, Chief Executive of GRCB; and Paul Idzik, the Group COO.Chris will take you through the results in detail, and after him Bob will give you our view of recent developments in the market as context for BarCap's results.&nbsp;Today is primarily about the interim results for the Barclays Group, so I won't be talking much this morning about ABN Amro, but I will make a few comments on the investments in Barclays by China Development Bank and Temasek. Today's results provide a significant staging post in the strategic transformation of Barclays. You know that strategy well. It's to achieve faster growth through earnings diversification. The strategy can be implemented through organic and inorganic means. Over the last years, it's mostly been by
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 13321 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec fourth quarter and full-year earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). At this time, I want to turn the conference over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.ELIZABETH WOO, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, BIOGEN-IDEC: Thank you, Corey. Everyone, welcome to Biogen Idec's first post-merger earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full-year 2003. I do want to offer our apologies for the press release being issued just a few minutes ago. As you know, with the merger, the financial tables have become more complex, and the logistics of uploading those tables to the new service took longer than expected.So, in the meantime, before we begin the conference call, I urge everyone to go to the investor relations section of our web site, biogenidec.com, and to print out the press release with the accompanying tables. This will make it easier to follow along when Peter reviews the financial results. If you're not able to access the site, you can contact Rob Jacobson, at 617-679-3710, or Fran Dingle, at 617-679-3446. And either of those persons can e-mail you a copy
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 8924 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Judy and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec first-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period, and instructions will be given at that time. I would now like to turn the call over to Elizabeth Woo, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.ELIZABETH WOO, SENIOR DIRECTOR IR, BIOGEN IDEC: Thank you, Judy. Welcome everyone to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the first quarter 2004. Before we begin, I would urge everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and accompanying tables. This will make it easier to follow along when Peter Kellogg reviews the financial results. I will now start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements regarding the Company's expectations regarding future financial results and plans for the company's pipeline products. Such statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9167 wordsCorporate Participants* Elizabeth Woo Biogen Idec Inc. - VP, Investor Relations * Jim Mullen Biogen Idec Inc. - President & CEO * Bill Sibold Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP, US Commercial * Dr. Cecil Pickett Biogen Idec Inc. - President, R&D * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP, Finance & CFO * Dr. Al Sandrock Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP, Neurology Research and DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Company - Analyst * Steven Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bill Tanner Leerink Swann - Analyst * Rajiv Kaul Fidelity Investments - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I was like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec fourth-quarter earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9162 wordsCorporate Participants* Elizabeth Woo Biogen Idec Inc. - VP, IR * Jim Mullen Biogen Idec Inc. - CEO, Pres * Bill Sibold Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP, US Neurology * Dr. Al Sandrock Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP, Neurology R&D * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Joel Lazard Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Yaron Werber Cititbank - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Company - Analyst * Mark Hillenbaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W Baird & Company - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good afternoon. I will be your conference operator today. (Operator Instructions). If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star, then the number one on your telephone keypad. Miss Woo, you may begin your conference.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you. Welcome
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9467 wordsCorporate Participants* Claudine ProwseBiogen Idec Inc. - VP of IR* George ScangosBiogen Idec Inc - CEO* Tony KingsleyBiogen Idec Inc - EVP, Global Commercial Operations* Doug WilliamsBiogen Idec Inc - EVP, Research & Development* Paul ClancyBiogen Idec Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Eric Schmidt&nbsp;Cowen and Company - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Matthew RodenUBS - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Marko KozulLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* John NewmanJMP Securities - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session.(Operator Instructions)Thank you. Claudine Prowse, you may begin your conference.CLAUDINE PROWSE, VP OF IR, BIOGEN
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 8896 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec fourth-quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you. Welcome, everyone, to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year of 2005. Before we begin, I would urge everyone to go to the investor relations section of our Website, BiogenIdec.com, and print out the press release and accompanying tables. This will make it easier to follow along when the CFO, Peter Kellogg, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today.&nbsp;I'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made on this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results and the potential for TYSABRI, the potential for RITUXAN in RA, plans for the Company's commercial and pipeline products, and plans for external growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 8653 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Tanya and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec quarter one earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.ELIZABETH WOO, VP-IR, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Tanya. Welcome, everyone, to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the first quarter 2006. Before we begin this morning, I would ask everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and accompanying tables. This will make it easier to follow along when our CFO, Peter Kellogg, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today.&nbsp;I will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results; the reintroduction of TYSABRI for multiple sclerosis; the potential of RITUXAN in rheumatoid arthritis; plans for the Company's commercial and
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9818 wordsELIZABETH WOO, VP IR, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Let me begin with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made on this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including future growth rates, the potential of TYSABRI in MS and RITUXAN in RA, pricing and reimbursement for TYSABRI, plans for the Company's commercial and pipeline product including the development of BG-12 and plans for external growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the risk factors section of the Company's quarterly report on the form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2006 and other periodic and current report Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bob Hamm, Senior Vice President neurology business unit; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for development and Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President, Finance. I will
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9351 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec third-quarter earnings call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I will now turn the call over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the third quarter 2006. Before we start, I encourage you to go to the investor relations section of our Website, BiogenIdec.com, and print out the press release and accompanying table. It will make it easier to follow along when Peter Kellogg, our CFO, reviews the financial results and the reconciliations to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also introduced this quarter slides on the Website that will follow along the topics on the call today, and we'd appreciate feedback, and let us know if you find it helpful.&nbsp;I'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including future growth rates, the potential of TYSABRI in MS and RITUXAN in RA, pricing and reimbursement for TYSABRI, and plans for external growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9053 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec second quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may proceed.ELIZABETH WOO, VP IR, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Welcome everyone to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the second quarter 2005. Before we begin I would urge everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and the accompanying tables. This will make it easier to follow along when our CFO, Peter Kellogg, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures.I will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements regarding the Company's expectations regarding future financial results; the potential for Tysabri; and the completion of the Tysabri safety evaluation; plans for the Company's commercial and pipeline products and pipeline growth; and the Company's manufacturing capacity.&nbsp;Such statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 8918 wordsCorporate Participants* Kia Khaleghpour Biogen Idec Inc. - IR * George Scangos Biogen Idec Inc. - CEO * Al Sandrock Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP Neurology Research & Development * Francesco Granata Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP Global Commercial Operations * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Company - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W. Baird - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Steve and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec's third-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9334 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec third-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Please limit yourself to just 1 question. Thank you.Now my pleasure to turn the call over to Elizabeth Woo, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.ELIZABETH WOO, SENIOR DIR OF IR, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Good afternoon, everyone, welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the third quarter of 2004. Let me begin with the Safe Harbor statement.&nbsp;Comments made on this conference call include forward-looking statements regarding the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, and the approval and launch of Antegren, and the plans for the Company's commercial and pipeline products. Such statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially.In particular careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 3439 wordsOPERATOR: [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Welcome to this ImmunoGen second quarter fiscal year 2005 conference call. Today's conference is being recorded and at this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and CEO, Dr. Mitchel Sayare. Please go ahead.Mitchel Sayare, PhD: Good afternoon and welcome to ImmunoGen's conference call for our second quarter, ended December 31st, 2004. With me is Karleen Oberton, our Senior Corporate Controller.At 4 o'clock this afternoon we issued a press release that summarizes our second quarter financial results. I hope you've all had a chance to review it. If not, it's available on our website, immunogen.com.&nbsp;Before I discuss today's release with you, I'd like to remind you that this call will include forward-looking statements and that there are risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Descriptions of the risks and uncertainties associated with an investment in ImmunoGen are included in our SEC filings which can be accessed from our website.In December, the Centocor subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson licensed the right to use our TAP technology for an undisclosed target. As many of you know, Centocor is one
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 10015 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Derrick and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Thank you. Ms. Woo, you may begin.ELIZABETH WOO, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you Derrick. Welcome to the Biogen Idec earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2004. Before we begin, I urge everyone to go to Investor Relation section of our website, BiogenIdec.com to print out the press release and the accompanying tables. It will be easier to follow along when Peter reviews the financial results. Let me start with the Safe Harbor statement, comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements regarding the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, the development, commercialization and manufacturing the Tysabri, the plans for Company's commercial and pipeline products and the Company's large-scale manufacturing facilities. Such statements are based on management's current expectations, and are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 8661 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Judy, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec first-quarter 2005 conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I will now turn the call over to Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you Judy. Welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the first quarter 2005. Before we begin, I would urge everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and accompanying tables for the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. That will make it easier to follow along when our CFO, Peter Kellogg, reviews the financial results.&nbsp;I will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements regarding the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, the potential for Tysabri, plans for the Company's commercial and pipeline products, and the Company's manufacturing capacity. Such statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular careful consideration should
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 10334 wordsCorporate Participants* Kia Khaleghpour Biogen Idec Inc - IR * George Scangos Biogen Idec Inc - CEO * Francesco Granata Biogen Idec Inc - EVP Global Commercial Operations * Doug Williams Biogen Idec Inc - EVP Research & Development * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc - EVP, CFO * Al Sandrock Biogen Idec Inc - SVP, Neurology Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Ravi Mehrotra Credit Suisse - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Gene Mack Mizuho Securities USA - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Matt Roden UBS - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Steve I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec's second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9487 wordsCorporate Participants* Wendy GabelBiogen Idec Inc. - VP, IR* George ScangosBiogen Idec Inc. - CEO* Doug WilliamsBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP, Research & Development* Tony KingsleyBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP, Global Commercial Operations* Paul ClancyBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP, CFO* Alfred SandrockBiogen Idec Inc. - SVP, Neurology Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBarclays Capital - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Matthew RodenUBS - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Gene MackMizuho Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Melissa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Ms. Wendy Gabel, Vice President
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9290 wordsCorporate Participants* Wendy GabelBiogen Idec Inc - VP, IR* George ScangosBiogen Idec Inc - CEO* Doug WilliamsBiogen Idec Inc - EVP, Research & Development* Tony KingsleyBiogen Idec Inc - EVP, Global Commercial Operations* Paul ClancyBiogen Idec Inc - EVP, CFO* Alfred SandrockBiogen Idec Inc - SVP, Neurology Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Brian Abrahams&nbsp;Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Matthew RodenUBS - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Navdeep SinghDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Geoffrey MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Sarah, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Q2 2012 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the call over
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9785 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Ramona, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec third quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations.ELIZABETH WOO, VP OF IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Ramona. Welcome to Biogen Idec's earning conference call for the third quarter 2005.Before we begin I'd urge everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our Web site, Biogenidec.com, and printout the press release and accompanying tables. This will make it easier to follow along when our CFO, Peter Kellogg, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to nonGAAP financial measures discussed today.&nbsp;I'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made on this conference call include forward-looking statements regarding the Company's expectations regarding future financial results including the financial objectives of our recent restructuring, the potential for TYSABRI, the short and long-term growth of the Company, plans for the Company's commercial and
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	FinalCorporate Participants* Eric Hoffman Biogen Idec Inc. - Associate Director, IR * Jim Mullen Biogen Idec Inc. - President & CEO * Al Sandrock Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP, Neurology R&D * Bob Hamm Biogen Idec Inc. - COO * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Rachel McMinn Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Karim de Felipe Citigroup - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)Thank you. Mr. Hoffman, you may begin your conference.ERIC HOFFMAN, ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.:
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 6144 wordsConference Call Participants* Kia Khaleghpour * Jim Mullen * Evan Beckman * Bob Hamm * Paul Clancy * Karim VasalipiPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to Biogen Idec's first-quarter 2010 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you.Ms. Kia Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's first-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Before we begin I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of BiogenIdec.com to find a press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll be discuss today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.&nbsp;As usual we will start with a Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results, the impact of healthcare reform, our operational goals, the market potential of our products, and pipeline advancement. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9321 wordsCorporate Participants* Kia Khaleghpour Biogen Idec Inc. - Associate Director IR * George Scangos Biogen Idec Inc. - CEO * Al Sandrock Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP Neurology R&D * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA-ML - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sara, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec's second-quarter 2010 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)&nbsp;Thank you. Ms. Khaleghpour, you may begin.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's second-quarter 2010 earnings conference call.Before we begin I encourage everyone to go to the
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9012 wordsCorporate Participants* Kia Khaleghpour Biogen Idec Inc. - Associate Director IR * George Scangos Biogen Idec Inc. - CEO * Doug Williams Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP Research & Development * Francesco Granata Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP Global Commercial Operations * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP, CFO * Al Sandrock Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP Neurology Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Matt Roden UBS - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * John Sonnier William Blair - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Michele and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth quarter and year-end 2010 earnings call. All lines
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9078 wordsCorporate Participants* Kia Khaleghpour Biogen Idec Inc. - IR * George Scangos Biogen Idec Inc. - CEO * Doug Williams Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP Research & Development * Al Sandrock Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP Development * Francesco Granata Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP Global Commercial Operations * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Naveen Sarma Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Gene Mack Mizuho Securities USA - Analyst * Ravi Mehrotra Credit Suisse - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Mike Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Mike Bennett JPMorgan - Analyst * Matt Roden UBS - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. All lines have
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 10113 wordsCorporate Participants* Claudine ProwseBiogen Idec Inc. - VP IR* George ScangosBiogen Idec Inc. - CEO* Tony KingsleyBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP Global Commercial Operations* Doug WilliamsBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP Research & Development* Paul ClancyBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Eric Schmidt&nbsp;Cowen and Company - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Geoff PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matthew and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec fourth-quarter and year-end 2012 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)Thank you. Claudine Prowse, you may begin your conference.CLAUDINE PROWSE, VP IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you. And welcome to Biogen Idec's fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. We issued a press release
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9624 wordsCorporate Participants* Claudine ProwseBiogen Idec Inc. - VP of IR* George ScangosBiogen Idec Inc. - CEO* Tony KingsleyBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP, Global Commercial Operations* Doug WilliamsBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP, Research & Development* Paul ClancyBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Mark Schoenebaum&nbsp;ISI Group - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Geoffrey MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Matthew AndrewsWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* John SonnierWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Joel SendekLazard Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Shawn, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec Q1 2013 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Claudine Prowse, Vice President of Investor Relations.
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 8717 wordsCorporate Participants* Elizabeth Woo Biogen Idec Inc. - VP, IR * Jim Mullen Biogen Idec Inc. - President & CEO * Bill Sibold Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP, US Commercial * Cecil Pickett Biogen Idec Inc. - President, R&D * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc. - CFO & EVP, Finance * Al Sandrock Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP, Neurology, R&DConference Call Participants* Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Adam Walsh Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Bill Tanner Leerink Swann - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * William Ho Banc of America - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Brandi and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 8547 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Brandi and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec third-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thanks, Brandi. Welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter earnings conference call 2008. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.&nbsp;Let me start with our Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, the sales
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9375 wordsCorporate Participants* Eric Hoffman Biogen Idec Inc. - IR * Jim Mullen Biogen Idec Inc. - President, CEO * Al Sandrock Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP, Neurology R&D * Bob Hamm Biogen Idec Inc. - COO * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc. - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Company - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bret Holley Oppenheimer - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Karim Defilipe Citigroup - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JP Morgan - Analyst * Eun Yang Jeffries - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Wiesel Partners - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink & Swann - Analyst * Mike King Merriman Curhan & Ford - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Celeste, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec second-quarter 2009 earnings conference
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9508 wordsCorporate Participants* Eric Hoffman Biogen Idec, Inc. - IR * Jim Mullen Biogen Idec, Inc. - President and CEO * Al Sandrock Biogen Idec, Inc. - SVP and Head of Neurology R&D * Bob Hamm Biogen Idec, Inc. - COO * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec, Inc. - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Eric Schmidt Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Joshua Schimmer Leerink Swann - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BAS-ML - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Celeste and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9692 wordsCorporate Participants* Kia KhaleghpourBiogen Idec Inc - IR* Dr. George ScangosBiogen Idec Inc - CEO* Dr. Francesco GranataBiogen Idec Inc - EVP- Global Commercial Operations* Dr. Doug WilliamsBiogen Idec Inc - EVP- Research* Paul ClancyBiogen Idec Inc - EVP- Finance, CFO* Al SandrockBiogen Idec Inc - SVP- DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Gene MackMizuho Securities - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Geoff PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Sapna SrivastavaGol - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Melissa and I will be your Conference Operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions)Mrs. Kia Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC: Thank you, Melissa. Welcome to Biogen Idec's third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 8873 wordsCorporate Participants* Kia KhaleghpourBiogen Idec Inc - IR* George ScangosBiogen Idec Inc - CEO* Doug WilliamsBiogen Idec Inc - EVP Research & Development* Tony KingsleyBiogen Idec Inc - EVP, Global Commercial Operations* Paul ClancyBiogen Idec Inc - EVP, CFO* Al SandrockBiogen Idec Inc - SVP, Neurology Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Geoffrey MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Josh SchimmerLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Ms. Kia Khaleghpour, Associate Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's fourth
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9163 wordsCorporate Participants* Claudine ProwseBiogen Idec Inc - VP - IR* George ScangosBiogen Idec Inc - CEO* Doug WilliamsBiogen Idec Inc - EVP - R&D* Tony KingsleyBiogen Idec Inc - EVP - Global Commercial Operations* Paul ClancyBiogen Idec Inc - EVP - Finance, CFO* Al SandrockBiogen Idec Inc - SVP, Neurology Research & Development&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Marko KozulLeerink Swann - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Melissa. I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec third-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)Ms. Claudine Prowse, Vice President Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.CLAUDINE PROWSE, VP
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9949 wordsCorporate Participants* Elizabeth Woo Biogen Idec Inc. - VP, IR * Jim Mullen Biogen Idec Inc. - CEO * Bill Sibold Biogen Idec Inc. - SVP, US Neurology * Cecil Pickett Biogen Idec Inc. - President, R&D * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bill Tanner Leerink Swann - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Mike King Rodman & Renshaw - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citi - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec fourth-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I will now turn
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9815 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec fourth-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I will now turn the call over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thanks, Dennis. Thank you all this morning for joining us on today's Biogen Idec earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2007.Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. You will find these particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also posted slides on the website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.&nbsp;As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9006 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning; my name is Janice and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec first-quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be and question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.ELIZABETH WOO, VP OF IR, BIOGEN IDEC: Thank you. Welcome to Biogen Idec's first-quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin I'd ask everyone to go to the investor relations section of our website, BiogenIdec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We've also posted the slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.&nbsp;I'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer term operational and financial goals, sales potential of TYSABRI and plans for external growth and pipeline advancement. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9156 wordsCorporate Participants* Elizabeth Woo Biogen Idec - VP of IR * Jim Mullen Biogen Idec - CEO, President * Bill Sibold Biogen Idec - SVP, U.S. Neurology Business Unit * Dr. Cecil Pickett Biogen Idec - President R&D * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec - CFO, EVP FinanceConference Call Participants* Mark Schoenebaum Bear Stearns - Analyst * Kareem De Felipe Citi - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Co. - Analyst * William Ho Banc of America - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Lehman Brothers - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bill Tanner Leerink Swann - Analyst * Mike King Rodman & Renshaw - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Adam Walsh Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital - Analyst * George Farmer Wachovia Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning; my name is Janice and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec first-quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9641 wordsCorporate Participants* Elizabeth Woo Biogen Idec, Inc. - VP IR * Jim Mullen Biogen Idec, Inc. - President, CEO * Bill Sibold Biogen Idec, Inc. - SVP US Neurology * Al Sandrock Biogen Idec, Inc. - SVP Neurology R&D * Paul Clancy Biogen Idec, Inc. - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Andrew Berens Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bill Tanner Leerink Swann - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * William Ho Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Lehman Brothers - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mike King Rodman & Renshaw - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Adam Walsh Jefferies & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kristen and I will be your conference operator today. At this time,
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9463 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kristen and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 Biogen Idec earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.ELIZABETH WOO, VP IR, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the second-quarter 2008. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the investor relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today.&nbsp;We've also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.Let me start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, and the sales potential of Tysabri and other products, and pipeline advances.Such
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 8420 wordsCorporate Participants* Claudine ProwseBiogen Idec Inc. - President of IR* George ScangosBiogen Idec Inc. - CEO* Tony KingsleyBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP- Global Commercial Operations* Doug WilliamsBiogen Idec Inc. - EVP- Research & Development* Paul ClancyBiogen Idec Inc. - CFO* Al SandrockBiogen Idec Inc. - SVP and Chief Medical OfficerConference Call Participants* Mark Schoenebaum&nbsp;ISI Group - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Ritu BaralCanaccord Genuity - Analyst* Gene MackBrean Capital, LLC - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Marko KozulLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* John NewmanJMP Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sheralee and I will be your Conference Operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call.(Operator Instructions)Ms. Claudine Prowse, President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference,
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 10022 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Casey and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec fourth-quarter and full-year 2006 earnings call.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President-Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.ELIZABETH WOO, VP IR, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and year-end 2006.Before we begin, I would urge everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our Web site, BiogenIdec.com, and print out the press release and the accompanying tables. It will make it easier to follow along when our CFO, Peter Kellogg, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We are continuing the practice we introduced during our third-order conference call of posting slides on our Web site and follow the topics on the call today.I will begin with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 10008 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Nicole and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec first-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin your conference.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thanks, Nicole. Welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the first quarter 2007. Before we start, I would encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com and print out the press release and accompanying tables. It will make it easier to follow along when our CFO, Peter Kellogg, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today.&nbsp;We are continuing the practice we introduced in our earlier conference calls of posting our slides on our website that follow the topics on the call today. I will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 10145 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Biogen Idec second-quarter 2007 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations.ELIZABETH WOO, VP OF IR, BIOGEN IDEC: Thank you, Jennifer. Welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the second quarter 2007. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the investor relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and accompanying tables. It will make it easier to follow along when our CFO, Peter Kellogg, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures we discuss today.&nbsp;We are continuing the practice we introduced last year on the call of posting slides on our website that follow the topics on the call today. I will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our financial guidance for 2007 and future growth rate;
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	LENGTH: 9127 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Regina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the third-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you. Mr. Keith Regnante, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.KEITH REGNANTE, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you. Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the third quarter of 2007. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the investor relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, to print out the press release and related financial tables. You will find these particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.&nbsp;As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made on this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our 2007 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, the
BlackRock	LENGTH: 11463 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - Managing Director, General Counsel * Ann Marie Petach BlackRock, Inc. - Managing Director, CFO * Laurence Fink BlackRock, Inc. - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* William Katz Buckingham Research - Analyst * Roger Freeman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Robert Lee KBW - Analyst * Keith Walsh Citigroup - Analyst * Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Marc Irizarry Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Roger Smith Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * Hojoon Lee Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Regina and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Incorporated, first-quarter 2009 earnings teleconference.&nbsp;Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT CONNOLLY, MANAGING DIRECTOR, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point out that during the
BlackRock	LENGTH: 11916 wordsCorporate Participants* Matthew MallowBlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel* Gary ShedlinBlackRock, Inc. - CFO* Laurence FinkBlackRock, Inc. - Chairman and CEO* Mark WiedmanBlackRock, Inc. - Managing DirectorConference Call Participants* Michael CarrierBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Marc IrizarryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Robert LeeKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Bill KatzCitigroup - Analyst&nbsp;* Matt KelleyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ken WorthingtonJPMorgan - Analyst* Luke MontgomerySanford C. Bernstein & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Susan, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated second-quarter 2013 earnings teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer Gary Shedlin; and General Counsel Matthew Mallow.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.(Operator Instructions)Thank you, Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.MATTHEW MALLOW, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. This is Matt Mallow, and I am General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Gary make their remarks, let me point out that during the course of this call, we may make a number
BlackRock	LENGTH: 10722 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert P. Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - Senior Managing Director, General Counsel * Ann Marie Petach BlackRock, Inc. - Senior Managing Director, CFO * Laurence D. Fink BlackRock, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Susan L. Wagner BlackRock, Inc. - Vice ChairmanConference Call Participants* Robert Lee KBW - Analyst * Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mike Carrier Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bill Katz Citigroup - Analyst * Marc Irizarry Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Glenn Schorr Nomura - Analyst * Jeff Hopson Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Roger Smith Macquarie - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Christie and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. third-quarter 2010 earnings teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; Vice Chairman, Susan L. Wagner; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly.&nbsp;All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT P. CONNOLLY, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK,
BlackRock	LENGTH: 11199 wordsCorporate Participants* Matthew MallowBlackRock Inc - General Counsel* Ann Marie PetachBlackRock Inc - Senior Managing Director, CFO* Laurence D. FinkBlackRock Inc - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Glenn SchorrNomura Asset Management - Analyst* Craig SiegenthalerCredit Suisse - Analyst* Marc IrizarryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Cynthia MayerBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Matt KelleyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Michael CarrierDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Unidentified Participant- AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Christie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated first-quarter 2012 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer period.(Operator Instructions)Thank you, Mr. Mallow you may begin your conference.MATTHEW MALLOW, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK INC: Thanks very much, this is Matt Mallow, I'm the General Counsel of BlackRock and before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, let me point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements.
BlackRock	LENGTH: 13113 wordsCorporate Participants* Matthew MallowBlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel* Ann Marie PetachBlackRock, Inc. - CFO* Laurence FinkBlackRock, Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Robert KapitoBlackRock, Inc. - PresidentConference Call Participants* Marc IrizarryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Daniel FannonJefferies & Company - Analyst* Craig SiegenthalerCredit Suisse - Analyst* Matt KelleyMorgan Stanley - Analyst&nbsp;* Michael CarrierDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Robert LeeKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Alex KrammUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated first-quarter 2012 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; President, Robert S. Kapito; and the General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.MATTHEW MALLOW, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thank you very much. Good morning, all. This is Matt Mallow, I am the General Counsel of BlackRock. And before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, let me point out that during
BlackRock	LENGTH: 12285 wordsCorporate Participants * Robert Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel * Ann Marie Petach BlackRock, Inc. - CFO * Laurence Fink BlackRock, Inc. - Chairman and CEO * Sue Wagner BlackRock, Inc. - COOConference Call Participants * Roger Smith Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * William Katz Buckingham Research - Analyst * Mike Carrier Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Roger Freeman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Marc Irizarry Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jeffrey Hopson Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Chris Varr CLSA - AnalystPresentation--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Operator [1]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good morning. &nbsp;My name is Tina and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. third quarter 2009 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurence B. Fink, Chief Financial officer Ann Marie Petach and General Counsel Robert Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Robert Connolly, BlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel [2]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good morning. This is Bob
BlackRock	FinalCorporate Participants* Robert P. Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel * Ann Marie Petach BlackRock, Inc. - CFO * Laurence D. Fink BlackRock, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Sue Wagner BlackRock, Inc. - Vice Chair, COOConference Call Participants* Robert Lee KBW - Analyst * Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mike Carrier Deutsche Bank - Analyst * William Katz Buckingham Research - Analyst * Marc Irizarry Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jeff Hopson Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Roger Smith Macquarie - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Kieri and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. fourth-quarter 2009 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly.&nbsp;All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT P. CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning. This is Bob Connolly here with Larry, Ann Marie and Sue Wagner who is our Chief Operating Officer.
BlackRock	LENGTH: 9064 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - Managing Director, General Counsel, Secretary * Ann Marie Petach BlackRock, Inc. - Managing Director, CFO * Laurence Fink BlackRock, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Sue Wagner BlackRock, Inc. - Vice Chairman, COOConference Call Participants* Robert Lee KBW - Analyst * Mike Carrier Deutsche Bank - Analyst * William Katz Citigroup - Analyst * Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jeff Hopson Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Marc Irizarry Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Christy and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Incorporated, first-quarter 2010 earnings teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lawrence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel Robert P. Connolly.&nbsp;All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT CONNOLLY, MANAGING DIRECTOR, GENERAL COUNSEL, SECRETARY, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning. This is Bob Connolly, the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want
BlackRock	LENGTH: 9712 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel * Ann Marie Petach BlackRock, Inc. - CFO * Laurence Fink BlackRock, Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Sue Wagner BlackRock, Inc. - Vice ChairmanConference Call Participants* Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Michael Carrier Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bill Katz Citigroup - Analyst * Marc Irizarry Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Robert Lee Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Brandi and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. second-quarter 2010 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; Vice Chairman, Susan L. Wagner and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ROBERT CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. This is Bob Connolly; I'm General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie and Sue make their remarks, I want to point out that
BlackRock	LENGTH: 9775 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - Senior Managing Director, General Counsel * Ann Marie Petach BlackRock, Inc. - Senior Managing Director, CFO * Laurence Fink BlackRock, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Susan Wagner BlackRock, Inc. - Vice ChairmanConference Call Participants* Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bill Katz Citigroup - Analyst * Robert Lee Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Alex Blostein Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael Carrier Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jeff Hopson Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Chris Spahr CLSA - Analyst * Roger Smith Macquarie Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sara and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Incorporated, fourth-quarter 2010 earnings teleconference.&nbsp;Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; Vice Chairman, Susan L. Wagner; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After these speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions)Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT CONNOLLY, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.:
BlackRock	LENGTH: 8221 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert Connolly Blackrock Inc - Senior Managing Director, General Counsel, Secretary * Ann Marie Petach Blackrock Inc - Senior Managing Director, CFO * Laurence Fink Blackrock Inc - Chairman, CEO * Susan Wagner Blackrock Inc - Vice ChairmanConference Call Participants* Michael Carrier Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * William Katz Citigroup - Analyst * Glenn Schorr Nomura Asset Management - Analyst * Robert Lee Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Marc Irizarry Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Carrie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. first quarter 2011 earnings teleconference. Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurence Fink, Chief Financial Officer Ann Marie Petach, Vice Chairman Susan L. Wagner, and General Counsel Robert Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Connelly, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ROBERT CONNOLLY, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, GENERAL COUNSEL, SECRETARY, BLACKROCK INC: Good morning. This is Bob Connolly. I'm General Counsel of BlackRock.
BlackRock	LENGTH: 11483 wordsCorporate Participants* Matthew MallowBlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel* Ann Marie PetachBlackRock, Inc. - CFO* Laurence FinkBlackRock, Inc. - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Craig SiegenthalerCredit Suisse - Analyst* Glenn SchorrNomura Asset Management - Analyst* Luke MontgomeryBernstein - Analyst* Bill KatzCitigroup - Analyst* Marc IrizarryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Eric Berg&nbsp;RBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Ken WorthingtonJPMorgan - Analyst* Matt KelleyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mike CarrierBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Dan FannonJefferies & Company - Analyst* Jeff HopsonStifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Brent and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Inc. first-quarter 2013 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurence D. Fink, Chief Financial Officer Ann Marie Petach, and General Counsel Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period.(Operator Instructions)Thank you very much. Mr. Mallow, you begin your conference.MATTHEW MALLOW, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. This is Matt Mallow, General Counsel of BlackRock. And before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, let me point
BlackRock	LENGTH: 11643 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel * Ann Marie Petach BlackRock, Inc. - CFO * Larry Fink BlackRock, Inc. - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Hojoon Lee Morgan Stanley - Analyst * William Katz Buckingham Research - Analyst * Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Prashant Bhatia Citigroup - Analyst * Roger Smith Fox-Pitt Kelton - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. third quarter 2008 earnings teleconference. The host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevents any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.&nbsp;Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. This is Bob Connolly, I'm the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward- looking statements, we call to your
BlackRock	LENGTH: 11572 wordsOPERATOR: I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. third quarter 2008 earnings teleconference. The host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevents any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. This is Bob Connolly, I'm the General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward- looking statements, we call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward- looking statements. And with that, I'll
BlackRock	LENGTH: 10439 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel * Ann Marie Petach BlackRock, Inc. - CFO * Laurence Fink BlackRock, Inc. - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* William Katz Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Mike Carrier Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Roger Freeman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Roger Smith Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * Craig Seigenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Douglas Sipkin Pali - Analyst * Marc Irizarry Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Chris Spahr CLSA - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Tina and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated second quarter 2009 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lawrence V. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin the conference.&nbsp;ROBERT CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning. This is Bob Connolly, I'm General Counsel, BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks,
BlackRock	LENGTH: 9278 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert ConnollyBlackRock Inc - General Counsel* Ann Marie PetachBlackRock Inc - Senior Managing Director, CFO* Laurence FinkBlackRock Inc - Chairman, CEO* Susan WagnerBlackRock Inc - Vice ChairmanConference Call Participants* Glenn SchorrNomura - Analyst* Craig SiegenthalerCredit Suisse - Analyst* Bill KatzCitigroup - Analyst* Cynthia MayerBank of America - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Sarah and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. third-quarter 2011 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; Vice Chairman, Susan L. Wagner; and General Counsel, Robert B. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After these speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.(Operator Instructions)Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK INC: Good morning everyone. Before Larry, Ann Marie and Sue make their remarks, I want to point out that, during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. And as
BlackRock	LENGTH: 10899 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick OlsonBlackRock, Inc. - Head of Corporate Development and IR* Ann Marie PetachBlackRock, Inc. - CFO* Laurence FinkBlackRock, Inc. - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Alex KrammUBS - Analyst* Dan FannonJefferies & Company - Analyst* Bill KatzCitigroup - Analyst* Jeff HopsonStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Matt KelleyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Michael CarrierDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Robert LeeKBW - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is David, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated fourth-quarter 2011 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and Head of Corporate Development and Investor Relations, Patrick Olson.All lines have been pleased on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Olson, you may begin your conference.PATRICK OLSON, HEAD OF CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND IR, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining BlackRock's fourth-quarter earnings call. Before we begin, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of
BlackRock	LENGTH: 13012 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt MallowBlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel* Ann Marie PetachBlackRock, Inc. - Senior Managing Director, CFO* Larry FinkBlackRock, Inc. - Chairman and CEO* Rob KapitoBlackRock, Inc. - PresidentConference Call Participants* Matt KelleyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jeff HopsonStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Chris HarrisWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Luke Montgomery&nbsp;Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Bill KatzCitigroup - Analyst* Eric BergRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationMATT MALLOW, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. This is Matt Mallow. I'm the General Counsel of BlackRock. And before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, let me remind you, as we do at the beginning of each of these calls, that during the course of this call we may make a number of forward-looking statements, and we call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements, and we assume no duty to, and we don't undertake to, update any of the forward-looking statements that may be made during the course of the call.So, with that, I
BlackRock	LENGTH: 9866 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is LuAnn and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. first quarter 2008 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lawrence D. Fink, Chief Financial Officer, Paul L. Audet and general counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT P. CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. This is Bob Connolly. I'm the general counsel at BlackRock; before Larry and Paul make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements.
BlackRock	LENGTH: 9947 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert P. Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel * Paul L. Audet BlackRock, Inc. - CFO * Laurence D. Fink BlackRock, Inc. - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Marc Irizarry Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael Hecht Banc of Amerida - Analyst * Douglas Sipkin Wachovia Capital - Analyst * Robert Lee Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Bill Katz Buckingham Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is LuAnn and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. first quarter 2008 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lawrence D. Fink, Chief Financial Officer, Paul L. Audet and general counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ROBERT P. CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. This is Bob Connolly. I'm the general counsel at BlackRock; before Larry and Paul make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course
BlackRock	LENGTH: 9707 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert Connolly BlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel * Ann Marie Petach BlackRock, Inc. - CFO * Laurence Fink BlackRock, Inc. - CEO, ChairmanConference Call Participants* William Katz Buckingham Research - Analyst * Craig Siegenthaler Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Sipkin Wachovia Capital - Analyst * Prashant Bhatia Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Hecht Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Marc Irizarry Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Hojoon Lee Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kadisha, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. second-quarter 2008 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence B. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach and general counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ROBERT CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thank you. Good morning. This is Bob Connolly. I am general counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point
BlackRock	LENGTH: 9620 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kadisha, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Inc. second-quarter 2008 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence B. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach and general counsel, Robert P. Connolly. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thank you. Good morning. This is Bob Connolly. I am general counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. And finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking
BlackRock	LENGTH: 11250 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert ConnollyBlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel* Ann Marie PetachBlackRock, Inc. - CFO* Laurence FinkBlackRock, Inc. - Chairman and CEOConference Call Participants* William KatzBuckingham Research - Analyst* Roger FreemanBarclays Capital - Analyst* Michael CarrierUBS - Analyst* Roger SmithFox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst* Craig SiegenthalerCredit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;* Robert LeeKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock, Incorporated fourth-quarter 2008 earnings teleconference.Our hosts for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Robert P. Connolly.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.(Operator Instructions)Thank you. Mr. Connolly, you may begin your conference.ROBERT CONNOLLY, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, this is Bob Connolly. I'm General Counsel at BlackRock.Before Larry and Ann Marie -- and Sue Wagner, our Chief Operating Officer, is here with us this morning as well -- make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a
BlackRock	LENGTH: 12737 wordsCorporate Participants* Matthew MallowBlackRock, Inc. - General Counsel* Ann Marie PetachBlackRock, Inc. - CFO* Laurence FinkBlackRock, Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Rob KapitoBlackRock, Inc. - PresidentConference Call Participants* Ken WorthingtonJPMorgan - Analyst* Robert LeeKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Bill KatzCitigroup - Analyst* Craig SiegenthalerCredit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;* Michael CarrierBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Marc IrizarryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Alex KrammUBS - Analyst* Matt KelleyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Daniel FannonJefferies & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Regina and I will be your Conference Facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated fourth quarter and full-year 2012 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Ann Marie Petach; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.(Operator Instructions)Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.MATTHEW MALLOW, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone. This is Matt Mallow. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, as I do with each of these calls, let me point out
BlackRock	LENGTH: 9488 wordsCorporate Participants* Matthew MallowBlackRock Inc - General Counsel* Gary ShedlinBlackRock Inc - CFO* Laurence D. FinkBlackRock Inc - Chairman, CEO* Rob KapitoBlackRock Inc - PresidentConference Call Participants* Matt KelleyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Alex KigelJPMorgan - Analyst* Brennan HawkenUBS - Analyst* Mike CarrierBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Bill Katz&nbsp;Citigroup - Analyst* Marc IrizarryGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Brent and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the BlackRock Incorporated third quarter 2013 earnings teleconference. Our host for today's call will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence D. Fink; Chief Financial Officer, Gary Shedlin; and General Counsel, Matthew Mallow. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)Mr. Mallow, you may begin your conference.MATTHEW MALLOW, GENERAL COUNSEL, BLACKROCK INC: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. I am Matt Mallow, the general counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Gary make their remarks, let me point out, as I do in each of these calls, that during the course of this call with me make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8103 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb Company fourth-quarter sales and earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to the Senior Director of Investor Relations, Mr. John Elicker. John, please go ahead.JOHN ELICKER, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. I know you're busy this morning with a few calls. Today, we're going to cover our 2003 full-year and fourth-quarter results, as well as our outlook for 2004. As you've seen, the release has crossed the wire about 8:30 this morning. It's also posted on our Website, as well as additional financial information.&nbsp;With us today, we have Peter Dolan, our Chairman and CEO; Andrew Bonfield, our Chief Financial Officer; Don Hayden, President of Americas; and James Palmer, our Chief Scientific Officer. Peter and Andrew will have prepared remarks, and then we'll go to the Q&A.Let me go through the cautionary language first. During this call, we will make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 6117 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb Company first quarter sales and earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]For opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Director Of Investor Relations, Mr. John Elicker, please go ahead Sir.JOHN ELICKER, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, BRISTON-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks Joe and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us. We are here today to discuss our first-quarter results and obviously some business development activities that we announced this morning as well. With us we have Peter Dolan, our Chairman and CEO, Andrew Bonfield, our CFO, Don Hayden, EVP and James Palmer, President of PRI.&nbsp;The flow of the call will be Peter will have opening comments, Andrew will review the quarter and then James will give some R&D highlights. Don will be here to answer any questions that you might have that might be appropriate.Let me take care of some legal business first. During the call, we may make various remarks about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ from those
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8570 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - VP of IR * Jim Cornelius Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - Chairman & CEO * Jean-Marc Huet Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - SVP & CFO * Elliott Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - Chief Scientific Officer * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - SVP & COO, Worldwide PharmaceuticalsConference Call Participants* John Boris Citi Investment Research (US) - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Roopesh Patel UBS - Analyst * David Risinger BAS-ML - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Barbara Ryan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen and Company - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Chris Schott JP Morgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's fourth quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. Today's conference is being recorded.At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to review fourth quarter full year
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7110 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP of IR * Jim Cornelius Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chairman and CEO * Jean-Marc Huet Bristol-Myers Squibb - CFO * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb - President, COO * Elliott Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chief Scientific OfficerConference Call Participants* Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Boris Citi - Analyst * Roopesh Patel UBS - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann - Analyst * Dave Risinger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded.At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Great. Thanks, Jessica and thanks everybody for joining us this morning. I know many of you are doing back to back calls here. With me for prepared remarks are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and CEO, as well as John-Marc Huet, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us this morning on the call for
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8214 wordsCorporate Participants* John ElickerBristol-Myers Squibb Co - VP of IR & Public Relations* Lamberto AndreottiBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CEO* Charlie BancroftBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CFO* Francis CussBristol-Myers Squibb Co - Chief Scientific Officer* Giovanni CaforioBristol-Myers Squibb Co - President, US Pharmaceuticals* Beatrice CazalaBristol-Myers Squibb Co - EVP of Commercial Operations&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Greg GilbertBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* David RisingerMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Marc GoodmanUBS - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Steve ScalaCowen and Company - Analyst* Chris SchottJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's 2013 second-quarter earnings conference call. This call is been recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR & PUBLIC RELATIONS, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thanks, Kathryn, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our second quarter results. With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, Chief Executive Officer; Charlie Bancroft,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7346 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Bristol-Myers Squibb fourth quarter and full year 2005 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. If anyone should require assistance during the conference please press * then 0 on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. John Elicker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Elicker, you may begin.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thank you, Matt and good morning, everybody and thanks for joining us on the conference call to review fourth quarter and full year results. With me today are Peter Dolan, our Chief Executive Officer; and Andrew Bonfield, Chief Financial Officer. They will both have prepared remarks. Also with us for the Q&A session will be Lamberto Andreotti, our Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Medicines; and Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer.&nbsp;Before we get started let me just take care of the legal requirements. During this call we may make various remarks about the Company's future, expectations,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 5275 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb second quarter 2006 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP, IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, Allen, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us this morning to review our Q2 results. With me this morning I have Peter Dolan, our Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Bonfield, Chief Financial Officer, and Lamberto Andreotti, Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Pharmaceuticals.&nbsp;Before I turn it over to Peter, let me take care of a legal requirement. During this call, we may make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and if in our periodic reports on 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol website, or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations.
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 6944 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to third quarter 2006 earnings release conference call of Bristol-Myers Squibb. This call is being recorded. Now at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to John Elicker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Elicker, please go ahead.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO.: Thank you, Dwayne. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call this morning to review our third quarter results. With me this morning I have Jim Cornelius, our CEO, Andrew Bonfield, our CFO. Jim and Andrew will have prepared remarks and then we'll go to Q&A. Joining us for Q&A , in addition to Jim and Andrew, are Lamberto Andreotti, the President of our Pharmaceuticals business and Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer.&nbsp;Before I turn it over to Jim, let me take care of the legal requirements. During this call, we may make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions act -- Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by those forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 6505 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb Company's second quarter sales and earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. John Elicker. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP, IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thank you, Vicki, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning to discuss our second quarter earnings results. Our earnings release and supporting financial information went out earlier this morning, and as most of you have probably seen, it's also available on our website. With us this morning, we have Lamberto Andreotti our Senior Vice President and President of the International Business; Andrew Bonfield, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Peter Dolan, our Chief Executive Officer.Before I turn it over to Peter for some opening remarks, let me take care of some legal requirements. During the call we may make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7508 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - SVP of IR * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - CEO * Charlie Bancroft Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - CFO * Beatrice Cazala Bristol-Myers Squibb - SVP * Elliott Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chief Scientific Officer * Tony Hooper Bristol-Myers Squibb - SVPConference Call Participants* David Risinger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John Boris Citigroup - Analyst * Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann - Analyst * Chris Schott JPMorgan - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's third quarter earnings 2010 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, SVP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thanks, Pat. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our third quarter results. With me today are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer, Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer, they will have prepared remarks, and then joining us for
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7479 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb Company third quarter Sales and Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice of Investor Relations, Mr. John Elicker. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thank Vicki. And good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us this morning to review our Q3 results. As you have seen the release crossed at about 8'o clock this morning and our results and some additional financial information is available on our website. With us this morning, we have Andrew Bonfield, Lamberto Andreotti, Don Hayden and Peter Dolan is on the line with us from North Carolina, where he along with some other members of senior management will be attending a memorial service for Dr. James Palmer. Peter will have some opening comments, but will not be available for Q&A. Andrew Bonfield and Lamberto will also have prepared remarks and Don will be here for Q&A.&nbsp;First, let me cover some legal matters. During this call, we may make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 6762 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb Company fourth quarter sales and earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. John Elicker. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;JOHN ELICKER, VP-INVESTOR RELATIONS, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, Teri, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us for our discussion of Q4 earnings. Our release and related financials, if you haven't seen them already, are posted on our website at www.bms.com, and if you go to the investors page. With us this morning is Peter Dolan, our Chairman and CEO; Andrew Bonfield, our Chief Financial Officer; Don Hayden, Executive Vice President and President of the Americas; and Elliot Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer. Peter and Andrew will have prepared remarks, and Don and Elliot will join them for Q&A afterwards.First, let me cover some legal requirements. During the call, we may make various remarks about the company's future expectations, plans and prospects, that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1985. Actual results may differ materially
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7274 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb Company's first-quarter sales earnings and conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations Mr. John Elicker. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, Denise. And good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. We are here this morning to discuss our first-quarter 2005 earnings performance. As you've probably already seen in our press release this morning. With us we have Peter Dolan, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Bonfield, Chief Financial Officer; and Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer. They will each have prepared remarks and then we'll go to your Q&A.First, I will handle the legal disclosures. During the call we may make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans, and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent Annual Report
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 9656 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - SVP, Investor Relations * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - CEO * Charlie Bancroft Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - CFO * Tony Hopper Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - SVP, Commecial Operations * Elliott Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - EVP, Chief Scientific Officer and President, R&D * Beatrice Cazala Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - SVP, Commercial Operations; President GC, Europe & Emerging MarketsConference Call Participants* Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * John Boris Citigroup - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * David Risinger Morgan Stanley, Smith Barney - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen and Company - Analyst * Gregg Gilbert BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Chris Schott JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Marc Goodman UBS - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's first-quarter earnings 2011 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded.At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8559 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol Myers Squibb Co - VP, Investor Relations * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol Myers Squibb Co - President and COO * Charlie Bancroft Bristol Myers Squibb Co - CFO * Tony Hopper Bristol Myers Squibb Co - SVP * Brian Daniels Bristol Myers Squibb Co - SVP, Global Development and Medical Affairs, R&D * Beatrice Cazala Bristol Myers Squibb Co - SVP, Commercial Operations; President GC, Europe & Emerging MarketsConference Call Participants* David Risinger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Boris Citigroup - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Gregory Gilbert BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Marc Goodman UBS - Analyst * Chris Schott JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * David Maris CLSA - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Stephen Scala Cowen and Company - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's the second quarter 2011 conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, BRISTOL MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thanks, Brandi,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8836 wordsCorporate Participants* John ElickerBristol-Myers Squibb Co - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs* Lamberto AndreottiBristol-Myers Squibb Co - Chief Executive Officer* Charlie BancroftBristol-Myers Squibb Co - Chief Financial Officer* Elliott SigalBristol-Myers Squibb Co - Head of R&D* Giovanni CaforioBristol-Myers Squibb Co - President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals* Beatrice CazalaBristol-Myers Squibb Co - EVP, Commercial OperationsConference Call Participants* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Alison YangBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Chris SchottJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Gregory GilbertBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Marc GoodmanUBS - Analyst* John BorisCitigroup - Analyst* David RisingerMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's first quarter 2012 earnings release conference call. The call is being recorded.And now, your host for today's call, Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs. Mr. Elicker, please go ahead sir.JOHN ELICKER, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR RELATIONS AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thanks Rufus, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our Q1 results.With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer, and Charlie Bancroft, our
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8211 wordsCorporate Participants* John ElickerBristol-Myers Squibb Co - SVP, Public Affairs and IR* Lamberto AndreottiBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CEO* Charlie BancroftBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CFO* Elliott SigalBristol-Myers Squibb Co - Chief Scientific Officer* Giovanni CaforioBristol-Myers Squibb Co - President, US Pharmaceuticals* Beatrice CazalaBristol-Myers Squibb Co - EVP, Commercial Operations&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* David RisingerMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Marc GoodmanUBS - Analyst* Gregg GilbertBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Catherine ArnoldCredit Suisse - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Steve ScalaCowen and Company - Analyst* Chris SchottJPMorgan Chase & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb second-quarter 2012 earnings release conference call. Just a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now, for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Mr. Elicker, please go ahead.JOHN ELICKER, SVP, PUBLIC AFFAIRS AND IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thanks, Debbie. And good morning, everybody. And thank you for joining us this morning to discuss our second-quarter results. With me
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 5688 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb Company third quarter sales and earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. John Elicker. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO.: Thanks, Eric. And good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. The purpose of the call this morning is to discuss our third quarter earnings, which you've seen in the release out at about 7 o'clock this morning. With us this morning for prepared remarks, we have Peter Dolan, our Chief Executive Officer; and Andrew Bonfield, our Chief Financial Officer. They will also be here for a brief Q&A session. In addition, we have Lamberto Andreotti, our President of Worldwide Pharmaceuticals, here with us for Q&A as well.&nbsp;Before we get started, let me take care of the legal requirements. During this call, we make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 9785 wordsCorporate Participants * John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP, IR * Jim Cornelius Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chairman, CEO * Jean-Marc Huet Bristol-Myers Squibb - CFO * Elliott Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chief Scientific Officer * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb - PresidentConference Call Participants * John Boris Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * David Risinger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen - Analyst * Keyur Parekh UBS - Analyst * Chris Schott JPMorgan - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Eric Lo Banc of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann - AnalystPresentation--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Operator [1]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good day and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb third quarter 2009 earnings release teleconference. &nbsp;Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- John Elicker, Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP, IR [2]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Thanks, Tony, and good morning everybody. Thank you for joining us to review our Q3 results. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jean-Marc Huet, our Executive Vice
Bristol-Myers Squibb	FinalCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP, Investor Relations * Charlie Bancroft Bristol-Myers Squibb - Senior VP and acting CFO * Elliot Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb - EVP, Chief Scientific Officer, and President of R & D * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb - President and COO * Jim Cornelius Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chairman and CEOConference Call Participants* David Risinger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Boris Citi - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen and Company - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann & Company * Tony Butler Barclays Capital * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse * Chris Schott JPMorgan Chase & Co.&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's fourth quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. John Elicker, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thank you and good morning everybody and thanks for joining us. The purpose of the call this morning is to review our fourth quarter results and outlook for 2010. With me
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 9529 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP of IR * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb - CEO * Charlie Bancroft Bristol-Myers Squibb - CFO * Elliot Sigel Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chief Scientific Officer * Beatrice Cazala Bristol-Myers Squibb - SVP Global Commercialization * Tony Hooper Bristol-Myers Squibb - SVP Commercial OperationsConference Call Participants* Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst * David Risinger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * John Boris Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Chris Schott JP Morgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen & Company - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President. Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thank you, Audra and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call to review our Q1 results. You've seen the press release out already at about 7:30 this morning. With me this morning,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 9529 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP of IR * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb - CEO * Charlie Bancroft Bristol-Myers Squibb - CFO * Elliot Sigel Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chief Scientific Officer * Beatrice Cazala Bristol-Myers Squibb - SVP Global Commercialization * Tony Hooper Bristol-Myers Squibb - SVP Commercial OperationsConference Call Participants* Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst * David Risinger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * John Boris Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Chris Schott JP Morgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen & Company - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President. Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thank you, Audra and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call to review our Q1 results. You've seen the press release out already at about 7:30 this morning. With me this morning,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7873 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP of IR * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb - President and CEO * Charlie Bancroft Bristol-Myers Squibb - CFO * Elliott Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb - EVP, Chief Scientific Officer and President of R&D * Beatrice Cazala Bristol-Myers Squibb - SVP, Commercial Operations and President, Global Commercialization, Europe and Emerging Markets * Tony Hooper Bristol-Myers Squibb - SVP, Commercial Operations and President, US, Japan and IntercontinentalConference Call Participants* David Risinger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Boris Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Chris Schott JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen and Company - Analyst * Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's second quarter earnings 2010 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, Jennifer. And good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. We're
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8250 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - SVP of IR * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - CEO * Charlie Bancroft Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - CFO * Elliott Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - EVP and CSO * Tony Hooper Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - SVP, Commercial Operations and President US, Japan and Intercontinental * Beatrice Cazala Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - SVP Commercial Operations and Presidemt Global commercializationConference Call Participants* Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann - Analyst * John Boris Citigroup - Analyst * David Risinger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * Marc Goodman UBS - Analyst * Chris Schott JPMorgan - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb fourth-quarter earnings 2010 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to introduce your host, Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, SVP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thanks, Anthony, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us here in snow-covered Princeton, New Jersey. With me are Lamberto
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 9092 wordsCorporate Participants* John ElickerBristol-Myers Squibb Co - SVP IR & Public Affairs* Lamberto AndreottiBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CEO* Charlie BancroftBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CFO* Giovanni CaforioBristol-Myers Squibb Co - President, US Pharmaceuticals* Elliott SigalBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CSO* Beatrice CazalaBristol-Myers Squibb Co - EVP, Commercial Operations&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Gregg GilbertBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Alison YoungBarclays Capital - Analyst* Catherine ArnoldCredit Suisse - Analyst* David RisingerMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Chris SchottJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Alex ArfaeiBMO Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day. Welcome to the fourth quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President Investor Relations and Public Affairs. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, SVP IR & PUBLIC AFFAIRS, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thank you, Alicia. Good morning everybody. Thanks for joining the call this morning to discuss our Q4 results and 2013 guidance. With me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer and
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8098 wordsCorporate Participants* John ElickerBristol-Myers Squibb Co - SVP, IR & Public Affairs* Charlie BancroftBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CFO* Elliott SigalBristol-Myers Squibb Co - Chief Scientific Officer* Francis CussBristol-Myers Squibb Co - Incoming Chief Scientific Officer* Giovanni CaforioBristol-Myers Squibb Co - President of US Business* Beatrice CazalaBristol-Myers Squibb Co - EVP, Commercial Operations&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Chris SchottJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Greg GilbertBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Steve ScalaCowen and Company - Analyst* David RisingerMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Marc GoodmanUBS - Analyst* Alex ArfaeiBMO Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's first-quarter earnings 2013 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn call over Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, SVP, IR & PUBLIC AFFAIRS, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thank you, Kayla, and good morning everybody.Thanks for joining us to review our first-quarter results. Unfortunately, Lamberto Andreotti, our CEO, is not able to join us this morning. He is attending
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7181 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP, Investor Relations * Jim Cornelius Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chairman, CEO * Jean-Marc Huet Bristol-Myers Squibb - SVP, CFO * Elliot Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb - EVP, Chief Scientific Officer and President, R&D * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb - EVP and COOConference Call Participants* Tom Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * David Risinger Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Chris Schott JPMorgan Chase - Analyst * Roopesh Patel UBS - Analyst * John Boris Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to today's third quarter earnings 2008 earning release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. ElickerJOHN ELICKER, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our third quarter results. The release was issued this morning, as well as posted on our website as well as the supporting financial data. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 9983 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP-IR * James Cornelius Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chairman & CEO * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb - President & COO * Jean-Marc Huet Bristol-Myers Squibb - EVP & CFO * Elliott Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb - EVP, Chief Scientific Officer & President, R&DConference Call Participants* Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John Boris Citigroup - Analyst * David Weisinger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Catherine Arnold CSFB - Analyst * Tony Butler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen & Company - Analyst * Carrick BBS - Analyst * Chris Schott JPMorgan - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Bristol Myers Squibb second quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, VP-IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, Lisa. And good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. We're here this morning to discuss both our Q2 release and the announced planned acquisition of Medarex that you saw last night and this morning. I'll make just a
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8426 wordsCorporate Participants* John ElickerBristol Myers Squibb Co - VP IR* Lamberto AndreottiBristol Myers Squibb Co - President and COO* Charlie BancroftBristol Myers Squibb Co - EVP, CFO* Elliott SigalBristol Myers Squibb Co - EVP, Chief Scientific Officer and President, R&D* Giovanni CavaroniBristol Myers Squibb Co - President of US BusinessConference Call Participants* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* David RisingerMorgan Stanley - Analyst* John BorisCitigroup - Analyst* Chris SchottJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Barbara RyanDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Catherine ArnoldCredit Suisse - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Gregg GilbertBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Stephen ScalaCowen and Company - Analyst* Marc GoodmanUBS - Analyst* Beatrice CazalaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's third quarter 2011 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, VP IR, BRISTOL MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thank you. Good morning everybody, and thanks for joining us to review and discuss our Q3 results.With me this morning
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8169 wordsCorporate Participants* John ElickerBristol Myers Squibb Co - SVP IR* Lamberto AndreottiBristol Myers Squibb Co - CEO* Charlie BancroftBristol Myers Squibb Co - EVP and CFO* Beatrice CazalaBristol Myers Squibb Co - EVP, Commercial Operations* Giovanni CaforioBristol Myers Squibb Co - President, US. Pharmaceuticals* Elliott SigalBristol Myers Squibb Co - EVP, Chief Scientific Officer and President, R&DConference Call Participants* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* John BorisCitigroup - Analyst* David RisingerMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Catherine ArnoldCredit Suisse - Analyst* Chris SchottJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Bristol-Myers Squibb's 2011 fourth-quarter earnings conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, investor relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, SVP IR, BRISTOL MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thank you, Alicia, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call today to discuss our fourth-quarter results. Joining me this morning are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer;
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8337 wordsCorporate Participants* John ElickerBristol-Myers Squibb Co - SVP - Public Affairs and IR* Lamberto AndreottiBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CEO* Charlie BancroftBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CFO* Giovanni CaforioBristol-Myers Squibb Co - President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals* Beatrice CazalaBristol-Myers Squibb Co - EVP, Commercial Operations* Elliott SigalBristol-Myers Squibb Co - Chief Scientific Officer&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Marc GoodmanUBS - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Gregg GilbertBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Catherine ArnoldCredit Suisse - Analyst* Steve ScalaCowen and Company - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Chris SchottJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* David RisingerMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's third quarter 2012 earnings release conference call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Public Affairs and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, SVP - PUBLIC AFFAIRS AND IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thank you, Leah. And thanks, everybody, this morning for joining us on the call. I know it's a busy morning for all of you.
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7983 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - VP of IR * Jim Cornelius Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - CEO * Andrew Bonfield Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - EVP & CFO * Elliott Segal Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - EVP, Chief Scientific Officer & President, Research and Development * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - EVP & COO,Worldwide PharmaceuticalsConference Call Participants* David Risinger Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen and Company - Analyst * Barbara Ryan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Roopesh Patel UBS - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * John Boris Bear, Stearns & Co. - Analyst * Jami Rubin Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bert Hazlett BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Chris Schott Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Harlan Sonderling Columbia Management Advisors, Inc. - Analyst * James Kelly Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tony Butler Lehman Brothers - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's fourth quarter 2007 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7819 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's fourth quarter 2007 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thank you, Cindy. Good morning. The thank you for joining us on the call. We are here this morning to review our fourth quarter results as well as our full-year results. Joining me on the call are Jim Cornelius, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Bonfield, our Chief Financial Officer; Elliott Segal, our Chief Scientific Officer; and Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Operating Officer. &nbsp;Before we get started and I turn it over to Jim and Andrew for prepared remarks, let me take care of some of the legal requirements. During the call we may make various remarks about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7090 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's first quarter earnings 2008 earnings release conference call for Bristol-Myers Squibb. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to your moderator for today Mr. John Elicker, Vice President-Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;JOHN ELICKER, VP-IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, Anthony, and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call. We're here to review our first quarter results -- the release was out about 7:30 this morning. It's posted on our website, as well as the supporting financial information. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jean-Marc Huet, our Chief Financial Officer; Lamberto Andreoti, Chief Operating Officer; and Elliott Sigal, Chief Scientific Officer. I'll just take care of the safe harbor language first. During this call, we may make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. For purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent Annual
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7210 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP-IR * Jim Cornelius Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chairman & CEO * Jean-Marc Huet Bristol-Myers Squibb - CFO * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb - COO * Elliott Sigel, M.D., Ph.D Bristol-Myers Squibb - President, Chief Scientific Officer & President-R&DConference Call Participants* Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Roopesh Patel UBS - Analyst * David Risinger Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Tony Butler Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Jamie Rubin Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steve Scala Bristol-Myers Squibb - Analyst * Barbara Ryan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Chamis Hernandez Leerink Swann - Analyst * James Kelly Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John Boris Bear Stearns - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's first quarter earnings 2008 earnings release conference call for Bristol-Myers Squibb. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to your moderator for today Mr. John Elicker, Vice President-Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP-IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, Anthony, and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call. We're here to review our first quarter results -- the release was out about 7:30 this morning. It's posted
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8502 wordsCorporate Participants* John Elicker Bristol-Myers Squibb - VP of IR * James Cornelius Bristol-Myers Squibb - Chairman & CEO * Jean-Marc Huet Bristol-Myers Squibb - SVP & CFO * Lamberto Andreotti Bristol-Myers Squibb - EVP & COO, Worldwide Pharmaceuticals * Elliott Sigal Bristol-Myers Squibb - EVP, Chief Scientific Officer & President, R&DConference Call Participants* Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Roopesh Patel UBS - Analyst * John Boris Citigroup - Analyst * Barbara Ryan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David Risinger Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Chris Shibutani JPMorgan - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen and Company - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's 2008 second quarter earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, Anthony. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. We're here this morning to review our Q2 results. You've seen our release. And it says here the financial information out at about 7:30 this morning. And
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8375 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's 2008 second quarter earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP OF IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, Anthony. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. We're here this morning to review our Q2 results. You've seen our release. And it says here the financial information out at about 7:30 this morning. And it's also posted on our website. Joining me on the call today are Jim Cornelius, our chairman and chief executive officer; Jean-Marc Huet, our chief financial officer; Elliott Sigal, our chief scientific officer and Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Operating Officer. Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared comments, and Elliott and Lamberto are here to join us for Q&A. So, before we get started, let me just cover the legal requirements.&nbsp;During this call, we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects including statements about our financial plan, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development, product potential that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 8762 wordsCorporate Participants* John ElickerBristol-Myers Squibb Co - SVP IR & Public Affairs* Lamberto AndreottiBristol-Myers Squibb Co - CEO* Francis CussBristol-Myers Squibb Co - Chief Scientific Officer* Charlie BancroftBristol-Myers Squibb Co - EVP and CFO* Giovanni CaforioBristol-Myers Squibb Co - President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals* Beatrice CazalaBristol-Myers Squibb Co - EVP, Commercial Operations&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Chris SchottJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Alex ArfaeiBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Steve ScalaCowen and Company - Analyst* Vanel DivanCredit Suisse - Analyst* Greg GilbertBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's third-quarter earnings 2013 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded.At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs. Please go ahead, Mr. Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, SVP IR & PUBLIC AFFAIRS, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thanks, Leslie, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us to review our Q3 results.With me this morning with prepared remarks are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 7649 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to today's fourth quarter and full year earnings 2006 earnings release conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. John Elicker, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN ELICKER, VP, IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us on the call today to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results. During the call today we'll also be talking about our 2007 guidance. With me here today are Jim Cornelius, our Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Bonfield, our CFO; Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; and Executive Vice President, Lamberto Andreotti who runs our Commercial Operations. Jim and Andrew will have prepared remarks and then Lamberto and Elliott will join Jim and Andrew for Q&A.&nbsp;Before we get started, let me remind you that during the call we may make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans, and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors including those discussed
Bristol-Myers Squibb	LENGTH: 6954 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome everyone to this Bristol-Myers Squibb second quarter earnings 2007 earnings release conference. Today's conference call is being recorded and at this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the program over to the Vice-President of Investor Relations, Mr. John Elicker.JOHN ELICKER, VP, IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us this morning on our conference call to review our Q2 results. As you have seen from the release we also issued '07 and updated '07 guidance and '08 guidance as well.With me this morning for prepared remarks are Jim Cornelius, our CEO; and Andrew Bonfield, Executive Vice President and CFO; And then also joining us for Q&A are Lamberto Andreotti, Executive Vice President, Head of our Pharmaceuticals business; and Elliott Sigal our Chief Scientific Officer. Before we get started I will just try to cover the legal requirement.&nbsp;During the call we may make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans, and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result
BP plc	LENGTH: 9633 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus McLeod BP plc - VP & Head of IR * Tony Hayward BP plc - Group Chief Executive * Byron Grote BP plc - CFO * Iain Conn BP plc - Chief Executive, Refining & Marketing * Andy Inglis BP plc - Chief Executive E&PConference Call Participants* Mark Bloomfield Citigroup - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Co - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING Financial Markets - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Mark Iannotti BAS - ML - Analyst * Joseph Tovey Tovey & Co - Analyst * Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Michele Della Vigna Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Irene Himona Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Kim Fustier JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Colin Smith Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP web cast and conference call.&nbsp;I now hand over to Fergus McLeod, VP and Head of IR.FERGUS MCLEOD, VP & HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Welcome to the BP's fourth quarter 2008 results conference call. My name is Fergus McLeod, BP's Head of Investor
BP plc	LENGTH: 7280 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus MacLeod BP plc - Head of IR * Byron Grote BP plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Theepan Jothilingam BP plc - Morgan Stanley * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Iannotti Bank of America Securities - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Company International - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford C. Bernstein & Co - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Irene Himona BNP Paribas (Exane BNP Paribas) - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global Securities Limited - Analyst * Iain Reid Macquarie Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community Webcast and conference call.&nbsp;I will now hand the call over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Hello and welcome to BP's first quarter 2009 conference call. My name is Fergus MacLeod from BP investor relations. Joining me today, is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to this next slide. During our presentation today, we will make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ from these plans or
BP plc	LENGTH: 15360 wordsCorporate Participants* Jessica MitchellBP plc - Head of IR* Bob DudleyBP plc - Group Chief Executive* Brian GilvaryBP plc - CFO* Iain ConnBP plc - Chief Executive, Refining and Marketing* Lamar McKayBP plc - Chief Executive of UpstreamConference Call Participants* Alastair SymeNomura Securities International, Inc. - Analyst* Kim FustierCredit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;* Robert KesslerTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. - Analyst* Fred LucasJPMorgan - Analyst* Hootan YazhariBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Alejandro DemichelisExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Martijn RatsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete General - Analyst* Theepan JothilingamNomura Holdings - Analyst* Jason KenneyBanco Santander Brasil S.A. - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Stephen SimkoMorningstar - Analyst* Rahim KarimBarclays Capital - Analyst* Lucas HerrmannDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Colin SmithVTB - Analyst* Peter HuttonRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Jessica Mitchell, Head of Investor Relations.JESSICA MITCHELL, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome, everyone. This is BP's second-quarter 2013 results webcast and conference call. I'm Jessica Mitchell, BP's Head of Investor Relations, and I'm here with our Group
BP plc	LENGTH: 20507 wordsFERGUS MCLEOD, VP OF IR, BP PLC: I apologize for that slight delay. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome both to those of you who are here in person today and to those of you joining us today by webcast. Before we start I'd just like to draw your attention to three items. Firstly a word about safety. There are no planned fire drills today, so if you hear a continuous alarm sound do please leave immediately via the nearest fire exit. There are three exits clearly marked at the rear of the room. You should then follow the exit signs into St. James' Square and assemble by the sign marked &quot;Visitors&quot; in the center of the Square.Secondly, I'd like to draw your attention to the words on this slide. We may make forward-looking statements which are identified by the use of the words will, expect and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons such as those noted on the slide. Finally, as this slide points out, the presentation today does contain some non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to those non-GAAP measures can be found on our website, BP.com. I'd now like
BP plc	LENGTH: 8413 wordsOPERATOR: I'll now hand the call over to Fergus MacLeod, head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP: Hello, and welcome to BP's First Quarter 2006 Conference Call. My name is Fergus MacLeod, BP's head of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to two items. First, today's call refers to slides which will be used during the webcast. Those of you on our distribution list should have already received these slides by email. If you would like to be placed on the list for future releases, please do let us know.Second, I would like to draw your attention to this slide. We may make forward-looking statements which are identified by the use of the words ``will, expect,'' and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here. And now over to Byron.&nbsp;BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP: Thank you, Fergus, and good to those joining this call. I'll begin with a review of market conditions during the first quarter. Oil and gas prices have remained strong, while refining margins
BP plc	LENGTH: 12242 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community conference call. I will now hand the call over to Fergus McLeod, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MCLEOD, VP OF IR, BP PLC: Welcome to BP's second-quarter 2006 conference call. My name is Fergus McLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to two items. First, today's call refers to slides which we will be using during the webcast. Those of you on our e-mail distribution list should already have received them. If you would like to be placed on the list for future releases, please do let us know.Second, I would like to draw your attention to this slide. We may make forward-looking statements which were identified by the use of the words will, expect and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here. Now over to John Browne, our Group Chief Executive.&nbsp;JOHN BROWNE, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Good afternoon to all of you in Europe and good morning to all of those in the U.S. With me today are Byron Grote, Vivienne Cox,
BP plc	LENGTH: 9340 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community conference call. I will now hand the call over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, BP P.L.C.: Hello and welcome to BP's third quarter 2006 conference call. My name is Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to two items. First, today's call refers to slides which we will be using during the Webcast. As usual, those of you on our distribution list should have already received those slides by e-mail. Second, I would like to draw your attention to this slide. We may make forward-looking statements, which are identified by the use of the words will, expect, and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here. Now, over to Byron.&nbsp;BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP P.L.C.: Thank you, Fergus, and good day to those joining this presentation. Today we are pleased to announce strong results, which I will summarize for the quarter and year-to-date. A number of one-off
BP plc	LENGTH: 14563 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community conference call. I will now hand the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Fergus McLeod. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MCLEOD, VP OF IR, BP PLC: Good afternoon to those of you listening in Europe and Asia, and good morning to those in the Americas. I would like to welcome you to BP's fourth quarter 2003 conference call. My name is Fergus McLeod, and I am BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Group Chief Executive, John Browne and Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I would just like to draw your attention to two items. First of all, today's call will serve to slides that we will be using during this Webcast. If you're listening on the telephone, the slides are available to download from the investor center on our website, BP.com. Those of you on our e-mail list should already have received the slides. If you have not gotten those slides and would like to be placed on the list for future events, please do let us know.&nbsp;Secondly, I would like to draw your attention to the first slide.
BP plc	LENGTH: 9004 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community conference call. I will now hand the call over to Fergus Macleod, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Good afternoon to those of you listening in Europe and Asia, and good morning to those in the Americas. I'd like to welcome you to BP's first-quarter 2004 conference call. My name is Fergus Macleod; I'm BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I'd just like to draw your attention to three items. First of all, today's call refers to slides that we'll be using during the webcast. If you're listening on the phone, the slides are available to download from the investor center on our website, bp.com. Those of you on e-mail lists should already have received the slides. If you haven't received the slides and would like to be placed on the list, please do let us know.&nbsp;Secondly, I'd like you to draw your attention to this slide. We may make forward-looking statements which are identified by use of the words will, expect, and similar phrases. Actual results may
BP plc	LENGTH: 11112 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community conference call. I will now hand the call over to the Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Fergus MacLeod. Please go ahead sir.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP: Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to those of you listening in Europe and Asia, and a very good morning to those of you in the Americas. I would like to welcome you to BP Second Quarter 2004 Conference call. I'm Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining me today are John Browne, BP's Group Chief Executive; Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer; and Tony Hayward, Chief Executive of our Exploration and Production segment. Before we start, I would like to draw your attention to a couple of items. First, the call today refers to slides that we will be using during our webcast. If you are listening on the telephone, the slides are available to download from the investor center on our website, bp.com. Those of you on our e-mail list should already have received the slides. Secondly, I would like to draw your attention to the words on this slide. We may make forward-looking statements which are
BP plc	LENGTH: 10900 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community conference call. I will now hand the call over to Fergus McLeod, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MCLEOD, VP, IR, BP PLC: A very good day to you all. I'd like to welcome you to BP's second-quarter 2005 conference call. My name is Fergus McLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to two items. First, today's call refers to slide we will be using during the webcast. These are available to download from our website, bp.com. Those of you on our e-mail list should have already received them. If you would like to be placed on our list for future releases, please do let us know.&nbsp;Second, I would like to draw your attention to the words on this slide. We may make forward-looking statements which are identified by the use of the words &quot;will&quot;, &quot;expect&quot;, and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from those plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted on this slide.Now, over to John.JOHN BROWNE, GROUP CEO, BP PLC: Good afternoon to all of you in Europe and good morning
BP plc	LENGTH: 8601 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community conference call. I will now hand the call over to Fergus MacLeod, head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome to BP's third-quarter 2005 conference call. My name is Fergus MacLeod, BP's head of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I'd just like to draw your attention to two items. First, today's call refers to slides, which we will be using during the webcast. Those of you on our distribution list should have already received them by E-Mail. If you would like to be placed on a list of future releases, please do let us know.Second, I would like to draw your attention to this slide. We may make forward-looking statements, which are identified by the use of the words will, expect, and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here.&nbsp;Now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus, and good day to those joining this presentation. As you know, this has been an
BP plc	LENGTH: 11901 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus McLeod BP plc - VP IR * Carl-Henric Svanberg BP plc - Chairman of the Board * Tony Hayward BP plc - Group Chief Executive * Bob Dudley BP plc - President & CEO - Gulf Coast Restoration Organization * Byron Grote BP plc - CFO * Andy Inglis BP plc - CEO - E&P * Iain Conn BP plc - CEO - Refining & MarketingConference Call Participants* Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - Analyst * Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING Financial Markets - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Co - Analyst * Mark Fletcher Citigroup - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Alastair Syme Nomura Securities International - Analyst * Lucas Herrmann Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Irene Himona BNP Paribas - Analyst * David Silverstein Ecofin - Analyst * Tom Gibney Credit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to BP's presentation for the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Fergus McLeod, Head of
BP plc	LENGTH: 8275 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus MacLeod BP plc - IR * Byron Grote BP plc - CFO * Fergus McLeod BP plc - VP of IRConference Call Participants* Jason Kenney ING Financial Markets - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Kim Fustier Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Oswald Clint Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Michele Della Vigna Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Fred Lucas JPMorgan - Analyst * Bertrand Hodee Landsbanki Kepler - Analyst * Sergio Molisani Unicredit Markets & Investment Banking - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations.&nbsp;FERGUS MACLEOD, IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome to BP's third quarter 2010 results webcast and conference call. I'm Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations. And joining me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I'd like you to take a moment to read this next cautionary slide. During today's presentation, we will make forward-looking statements that refer to estimates, plans and
BP plc	LENGTH: 11025 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the Financial Community conference call. I will now hand the call over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, BP PLC: A very good morning to those of you listening in Europe and Asia, and good morning to those in the Americas. I'd like to welcome you to BP's third quarter 2004 conference call.My name is Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations, and joining me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;Before we start I'd like to draw your attention to 2 items. First of all, today's call refers to slides that we'll be using during the webcast. Those of you on our e-mail list should have already received the slides. We've also sent you a copy of remarks made by John Brown to the UK Press earlier today.All of these materials are available to download from the Investor Center on our website, bp.com. If you haven't received this information and would like to be placed on our list for future releases, please do let us know.Second, I'd like you to draw your attention to the words on this slide.
BP plc	LENGTH: 15695 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation, to the financial committee conference call. I will now hand the call over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Good afternoon to those of you listening in Europe and Asia. And good morning to those of you in the Americas. It's my pleasure to welcome you to BP's fourth quarter 2004 results and strategy update conference call. My name is Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations. Speaking on the call today are John Browne, our Chief Executive, and Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to 2 items. First, today's call refers to slides that we'll be using during the webcast. Those of you on our e-mail list should have already received the slides. These materials have all been available to download from the Investor Center on our website, bp.com since 7:00 U.K. time this morning. If you haven't received this information and would like to be placed on our list for future releases, please do let us know. We hope this earlier access to the webcast materials was useful to you.&nbsp;Second, I
BP plc	LENGTH: 8378 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community conference call. I will now hand the call over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD, IR, BP PLC: Good afternoon to those of you listening in Europe and Asia, and good morning to those in the Americas. I would like to welcome you to BP's first-quarter 2005 conference call. My name is Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I would like to draw your attention to two items. First, today's call refers to slides that we will be using during the webcast. Those of you on our e-mail list should have already received the slides. If you would like to be placed on our list for future releases, please do let us know.&nbsp;Second, I would like to draw your attention to this slide. We may make forward-looking statements which are identified by the use of the words will, expect and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons such as those noted on this slide. Now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE,
BP plc	LENGTH: 8724 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus MacLeod BP PLC - IR * Byron Grote BP PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * John Rigby UBS - Analyst * Fred Lucas JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark Capital - Analyst * Peter Hutton RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Irene Himona SG - Analyst * Kim Fustier Credit Suisse - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie Research Equities - Analyst * Lucas Herrmann Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bertrand Hodee Landsbanki Kepler - Analyst * Oswald Clint Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Sergio Molisani Unicredit - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation of financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relation.&nbsp;FERGUS MACLEOD, IR, BP PLC: Hello and welcome to BP first quarter conference call. I'm Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations, and joining me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I would like you to take a moment to read this next cautionary slide.During today's presentation, we will
BP plc	LENGTH: 9457 wordsCorporate Participants* Jessica MitchellBP PLC - Head of IR* Brian GilvaryBP PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Theepan JothilingamNomura Equity Research - Analyst* Jason KenneyBanco Santander SA - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Doug TessesonISI Group, Inc. - Analyst* Peter HuttonRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Robert KesslerTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. - Analyst* Hootan YazhariBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Paul SpeddingHSBC - Analyst* Blake FernandezHoward Weil Incorporated - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James - Analyst* Lucy HaskinsBarclays Capital - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Kim FustierCredit Suisse - Analyst* Lucas HerrmannDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Jessica Mitchell, Head of Investor Relations.JESSICA MITCHELL, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome to BP's first quarter 2012 results webcast and conference call. I'm Jessica Mitchell, BP's Head of Investor Relations, and joining me today is Brian Gilvary, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation we will make forward-looking statements that refer to
BP plc	LENGTH: 14313 wordsCorporate Participants* Jessica MitchellBP plc - Head of IR* Bob DudleyBP plc - Group CEO* Brian GilvaryBP plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Martijn RatsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Robert KesslerTudor Pickering - Analyst* Rahim KarimBarclays Capital - Analyst* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Theepan Jothilingam&nbsp;Nomura - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Hootan YazhariBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Jason KenneyBanco Santander - Analyst* Guy BaberSimmons & Company - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Kim FustierCredit Suisse - Analyst* Joseph ToveyTovey & Company - Analyst* Peter HuttonRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation for the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Jessica Mitchell, Head of Investor Relations.JESSICA MITCHELL, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Hello and welcome to BP's second-quarter 2012 results webcast and conference call. I'm Jessica Mitchell, BP's Head of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Bob Dudley, our Group Chief Executive, and Brian Gilvary, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation, we
BP plc	LENGTH: 12697 wordsCorporate Participants * Byron Grote BP PLC - CFO * Fergus McLeod BP PLC - VP of IRConference Call Participants * Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING Financial Markets - Analyst * Peter Hutton NCB Stockbrokers Ltd. - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Company International - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis BAS-ML - Analyst * Mark Bloomfield Citigroup - Analyst * Irene Himona BNP Paribas (Exane BNP Paribas) - Analyst * Paul Spedding HSBC - Analyst * Lucas Herrmann Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Colin Smith ICAP - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global Securities Limited - Analyst * David Klein RBS - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - AnalystPresentation--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Operator [1]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community webcast and conference call. &nbsp;I will now hand over the call to Fergus McLeod, Head of Investor Relations.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Fergus McLeod, BP PLC - VP of IR [2]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Welcome to BP's third quarter 2009 results webcast and conference call. I am Fergus McLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining
BP plc	LENGTH: 8946 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus MacLeod BP plc - Head of IR * Tony Hayward BP plc - Group Chief Executive * Byron Grote BP plc - CFO * Andy Inglis BP plc - Chief Executive, Exploration and Production * Iain Conn BP plc - Chief Executive, Refining and MarketingConference Call Participants* Mark Bloomfield Citigroup - Analyst * Alastair Syme Nomura - Analyst * Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jonathan Rigby UBS - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Company - Analyst * Irene Himona Exane - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Joe Tovey Tovey & Co. - Analyst * Colin Smith ICAP - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Sergio Molisani Unicredit - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - Analyst * Neill Morton MFG - AnalystPresentationLondon May 21, 2010 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of BP plc earnings conference call or presentation Tuesday, February 2, 2010 at 2:00:00pm GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Fergus MacLeodBP plc - Head of IR* Tony HaywardBP plc - Group Chief Executive* Byron GroteBP plc - CFO* Andy InglisBP plc - Chief Executive, Exploration and Production*
BP plc	LENGTH: 8033 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus McLeod BP plc - VP of IR * Byron Grote BP plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Company International - Analyst * Irene Himona Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Joseph Tovey Tovey and Co. - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING Financial Markets - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global Securities Limited - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James & Assoc. - Analyst * Sergio Molisani UBM Unicredit Banca Mobiliare - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community, webcast, and conference call. I now hand over to Fergus McLeod, Head of investor Relations.&nbsp;FERGUS MCLEOD, VP OF IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome to BP's first quarterer 2010 conference call. My name is Fergus McLeod, BP's Head of of Investor Relations, and today's presentation will be by Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Just before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During our presentation today, we will make reference
BP plc	LENGTH: 21645 wordsCorporate Participants* Bob Fryar BP plc - EVP - Production * Iain Conn BP plc - Chief Executive - Refining and Marketing * Byron Grote BP plc - CFO * Robert Dudley BP plc - Group Chief ExecutiveConference Call Participants* Neill Morton Berenberg Bank - Analyst * Unidentified Audience Member - Analyst * Joseph Tovey Tovey & Company - Analyst * Iain Reid Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Irene Himona Societe Generale - Analyst * Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING Financial Markets - Analyst * Lucas Herrmann Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Oswald Clint Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Peter Hutton NCB Stockbrokers Ltd. - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Edward Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Blake Fernandez Howard Weil Incorporated - Analyst * Bertrand Hodee Landsbanki Kepler - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;ROBERT DUDLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Hello, everyone, and welcome to BPs 2011 investor update. We are very pleased to have you with us, whether in person, on the
BP plc	LENGTH: 16256 wordsCorporate Participants* Jessica MitchellBP plc - Head of IR* Bob DudleyBP plc - Group CEO* Brian GilvaryBP plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Alejandro DemichelisExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Equities Research - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Robert KesslerTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;* Hootan YazhariBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Theepan JothilingamNomura Holdings, Inc. - Analyst* Lydia RainforthBarclays Capital - Analyst* Alastair SymeCitigroup - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Martijn RatsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Lucas HerrmannDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Bertrand HodeeRaymond James - Analyst* Peter HuttonRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Jason KenneyBanco Santander Brasil S.A. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community Webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Jessica Mitchell, Head of Investor Relations.JESSICA MITCHELL, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome to BP's fourth-quarter and full-year 2012 results Webcast and conference call. I'm Jessica Mitchell, BP's Head of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Bob Dudley, our Group Chief Executive and Brian Gilvary, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation,
BP plc	LENGTH: 16377 wordsCorporate Participants* Jessica MitchellBP PLC - Head of IR* Bob DudleyBP PLC - Group Chief Executive* Brian GilvaryBP PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Alejandro DemichelisExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Jason KenneyBanco Santander Brasil S.A. - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Hootan Yazhari&nbsp;BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Brandon MeiTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. - Analyst* Theepan JothilingamNomura Holdings - Analyst* Oswald ClintBernstein Research - Analyst* Fred LucasJPMorgan - Analyst* Unidentified Participant- Analyst* Rahim KarimBarclays Capital - Analyst* Lucas HerrmannDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Alastair SymeNomura Securities International, Inc. - Analyst* Peter HuttonRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Colin SmithVTB Capital - Analyst* Bertrand HodeeRaymond James - Analyst* Stephen SimkoMorningstar, Inc. - Analyst* Neill MortonBerenberg Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Jessica Mitchell, Head of Investor Relations.JESSICA MITCHELL, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome to BP's first-quarter 2013 results webcast and conference call. I am Jessica Mitchell, BP's Head of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Bob Dudley, our Group Chief Executive; and Brian Gilvary, our Chief Financial
BP plc	LENGTH: 12581 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus MacLeod BP plc - VP Investor Relations * Tony Hayward BP plc - CEO * Byron Grote BP plc - CFO * Andy Inglis BP plc - Chief Executive, E&P * Vivian Cox BP plc - Head of Alternative Energy Div. * Iain Conn BP plc - Chief Exec. Refining and MarketingConference Call Participants* Tipan Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC - Analyst * John Rigby UBS - Analyst * Mark Iannotti Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Jason Gammel MacQuarie Research Equities - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - North America - Analyst * Irene Himona Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Michele Della Vigna Goldman Sachs & Co. - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst * Colin Smith Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Neil Morton - Analyst * Jack Moore Harpswell Capital - Analyst * David Kline ABN Amro - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community, webcast, and conference call.I now hand over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations.FERGUS MACLEOD, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, BP PLC:
BP plc	LENGTH: 12417 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community, webcast, and conference call.I now hand over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations.FERGUS MACLEOD, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, BP PLC: Hello and welcome to BP's second quarter 2008 conference call. My name is Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Tony Harward, our Group Chief Executive, Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer, Andy Inglis, Head of Exploration and Production, Iain Conn, Head of Refining and Marketing, and Vivian Cox, Head of alternative Energy.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to this next slide. During our presentation today we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons such as those noted on this slide and also in our SEC filings.Thank you, and now over to Tony.&nbsp;TONY HAYWARD, CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to our first-half results for 2008. In a moment, Byron Grote will take you through the second quarter in more detail. I'd like to start by highlighting some of the major themes.I said in February that 2008 should see operational momentum building
BP plc	LENGTH: 9865 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus McLeod BP plc - Head of IR * Byron Grote BP plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Rigby UBS - Analyst * Will Forbes CSFB - Analyst * Neil McMahon Bernstein - Analyst * Michele Della Vigna Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Irene Himona Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Colin Smith DKW - Analyst * Lucas Hermann Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * Mark Bloomfield Citigroup - Analyst * Dominique Patry CA Cheuvreux - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING Financial Markets - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global Securites Limited - Analyst * Kim Fustier JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community. Webcast and conference call.&nbsp;Il now hand over to Fergus McLeod, head of Investor Relations.FERGUS MCLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Hello and welcome to BP's third quarter 2008 conference call. My name is Fergus McLeod, BP's head of Investor Relations. Joining me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I would like to draw your attention to this next slide. During our presentation today, we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual
BP plc	LENGTH: 10236 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus MacLeod BP plc - Head of Investor Relations * Tony Hayward BP plc - Group Chief Executive * Byron Grote BP plc - CFO * Andy Inglis BP plc - Chief Executive, Exploration & Production * Iain Conn BP plc - Chief Executive, Refining & MaintenanceConference Call Participants* Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Mark Bloomfield Citigroup - Analyst * Kim Fustier JPMorgan - Analyst * Michele Della Vigna Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Paul Spedding HSBC - Analyst * Mark Iannotti Bank of America- Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Irene Himona Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Colin Smith Icap - Analyst * Iain Reid Macquarie - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company LLC - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations.&nbsp;FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, BP PLC: Welcome to BP's second quarter 2009 conference call. I'm Fergus MacLeod, BP's
BP plc	LENGTH: 15793 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus MacLeod BP Plc - Head of IR * Bob Dudley BP Plc - Group Chief Executive * Byron Grote BP Plc - CFO * Bernard Looney BP Plc - EVP, Development * Lamar McKay BP Plc - President - BP America * Bob Fryar BP Plc - EVP - E&P * Mike Daly BP Plc - EVP, Exploration * Iain Conn BP Plc - Chief Executive, Refining & Marketing * Mark Bly BP Plc - EVP, Safety & Operational RiskConference Call Participants* Irene Himona Societe Generale - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Alastair Syme Citigroup - Analyst * Blake Fernandez Howard Weil - Analyst * Peter Hutton RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Kim Fustier Credit Suisse - Analyst * Fred Lucas JPMorgan - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - Analyst * Lucas Herrmann Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Paul Spedding HSBC - Analyst * Oswald Clint Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Bertrand Hodee Kepler Capital Markets - Analyst * David Klein RBS - Analyst * Iain Reid Jefferies & Co. - Analyst
BP plc	LENGTH: 18231 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus MacLeodBP PLC - Director, IR* Bob DudleyBP PLC - Group CEO* Byron GroteBP PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Alejandro DemichelisBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Tepan JothalingamNomura - Analyst* Doug TerresonISI International Strategy & Investment - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Alastair SymeCitigroup - Analyst* Lucas HerrmannDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Robert KesslerTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. - Analyst* Lucy HaskinsBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jason KenneyING Financial Markets - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James - Analyst* Kim FustierCredit Suisse - Analyst* Martijn RatsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Mark GilmanThe Benchmark Company - Analyst* Peter HuttonRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Sergio MolisaniUniCredit Markets & Investment Banking - Analyst* David ClineRBS - Analyst* Blake FernandezHoward Weil Inc. - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Jean Pierre DamergianAuto - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations.FERGUS MACLEOD, DIRECTOR, IR, BP PLC: Hello, everyone, and welcome to our results conference call for the third quarter of 2011. I am Fergus MacLeod. Before we begin, I'd like to add a personal remark.
BP plc	LENGTH: 11096 wordsCorporate Participants* Bob DudleyBP PLC - Group CEO* Brian GilvaryBP PLC - CFO* Iain ConnBP PLC - CEO - Refining & MarketingPresentationBOB DUDLEY, GROUP CEO, BP PLC: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Welcome to BPs 2011 results and strategy presentation. We are very pleased to have you with us, whether that's in person, over the phone, or on the web. For those here in our new venue at Canada Square in East London, you will have seen behind me our Safety Evacuation Guidelines. There are more details in the Safety Briefing card handed to you at Reception. We are not planning to test the alarms today so if you hear it, please proceed as advised by the instructions and may I ask you also to turn off your mobile or cell phones now. Thank you. With me on stage, I have Brian Gilvary, who I am very pleased to introduce as BPs new Chief Financial Officer and Iain Conn, our Chief Executive of Refining and Marketing. In the audience, we have our Chairman, Carl-Henric Svanberg and members of our executive team who will host the break-out sessions after this and join us for the
BP plc	LENGTH: 8022 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert DudleyBP plc - CEO* Bernard LooneyBP plc - EVP of Development* Andy HopwoodBP plc - EVP of E&P Strategy & Integration* Brian GilvaryBP plc - CFO* Mike DalyBP plc - EVP of Exploration* Iain ConnBP plc - Chief Executive of Refining and MarketingConference Call Participants* Theepan JothilingamMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Irene HimonaExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Mark GilmanThe Benchmark Group - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Lucy HaskinsBarclays Capital - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Martijn RatsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Paul SpeddingHSBC - Analyst* Jason KenneySantander - Analyst* Peter HuttonRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Lucas HerrmannDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Neill MortonBerenberg Bank - AnalystPresentationROBERT DUDLEY, CEO, BP PLC: So, hello and welcome back to the wrap-up and Q&A session. My voice is back a little bit. Here in London on the stage we have Brian Gilvary and Iain Conn, we introduced earlier as part of the earlier plenary session. And the Executive Vice Presidents of our upstream businesses who just presented two of the breakouts -- Mike Daly, heads up Exploration; and Bernard Looney, Developments; and Bob Fryar, Production; and Andy Hopwood has overall responsibility for Upstream Strategy
BP plc	LENGTH: 13151 wordsCorporate Participants* Jessica MitchellBP - Head of IR* Bob DudleyBP - Group Chief Executive* Brian GilvaryBP - CFOConference Call Participants* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Hutan UsariBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Robert KesslerTudor Pickering - Analyst* Alastair SymeCitigroup - Analyst&nbsp;* Peter HuttonRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Tipam JothelindgramNumira - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Martin RatsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Oswald ClintBernstein - Analyst* Rahim KarimBarclays Capital - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Jean-Luc RomainCM CIC - Analyst* Colin SmithVTB Capital - Analyst* Lucas HerrmannDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jason KenneySan Tan Deux - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Jessica Mitchell, Head of Investor Relations.JESSICA MITCHELL, HEAD OF IR, BP: Hello, and welcome to BP's Third Quarter 2012 Results Webcast and Conference Call. I'm Jessica Mitchell, BP's Head of Investor Relations, and joining me today are Bob Dudley, our Group Chief Executive and Brian Gilvary, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement.During today's presentation, we will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans, and expectations.
BP plc	LENGTH: 8790 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus McLeod BP plc - VP of IR * Tony Hayward BP plc - CEO * Byron Grote BP plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Evan Blomberg Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Mark Iannotti Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Nikki Decker Bear Stearns - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Jason Kenney Edinburgh - ING Financial Markets - Analyst * Lucy Hatching Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Co. - Analyst * Gordon Gray JPMorgan - Analyst * Irene Himona Paradigm - Analyst * Colin Smith Dresdner - Analyst * Paul Bedding HSBC - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP fourth quarter 2007 conference call.&nbsp;I will hand the call over to Fergus McLeod. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MCLEOD, VP OF IR, BP PLC: Welcome to BP's fourth quarter 2007 conference call. Joining me today are Tony Hayward, Chief Executive and Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I'd just like to draw your attention to two items. First, today's call refers to slides which will be used during the
BP plc	LENGTH: 8671 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP fourth quarter 2007 conference call.I will hand the call over to Fergus McLeod. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MCLEOD, VP OF IR, BP PLC: Welcome to BP's fourth quarter 2007 conference call. Joining me today are Tony Hayward, Chief Executive and Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I'd just like to draw your attention to two items. First, today's call refers to slides which will be used during the webcast. Those of you on our distribution list should have received them by e-mail. They are also available on our web site. Second, I'd like to draw your attention to this cautionary statement. Now over to Tony.&nbsp;TONY HAYWARD, CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our fourth quarter and full year results presentation. Before I ask Byron to take you through the details, of our results I want reflect from where BP stands at the start of 2008, 2007 was a year of change for BP. Our performance for the year was disappointing in some areas notably U.S. refining compared to our peers; however, in the second half of the year, they were the first early signs of
BP plc	LENGTH: 7635 wordsFERGUS MCLEOD, VP, IR, BP PLC: Welcome to BP's first quarter 2008 conference call. My name is Fergus McCleod BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining me is our Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start I'd like to draw your attention to the next slide.In our presentation today we may make forward-looking statements which are identified by the use of the words will, expect, and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons such as those noted on this slide and in our SEC filings. Now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus, and good day to those joining us on this call. In February we outlined our plans to restore competitive performance. The first quarter results reflect the beginning of the momentum that will build over the next two years with improved operating performance and the benefits of restructuring contributing progressively towards stronger financial delivery. Before I begin the detailed look at 1Q I'd like to draw your attention to a change related to replacement costs profit.&nbsp;Responding to feedback from many of you, beginning this quarter replacement costs profit will exclude the tax effects
BP plc	LENGTH: 7730 wordsCorporate Participants* Fergus McLeod BP plc - VP, IR * Byron Grote BP plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Mark Iannotti Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Irene Himona Hexane - Analyst * Unidentified Participant - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse First Boston - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * Colin Smith DKW - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst * Jason Tovy Tovy and Company - Analyst * David Klein ABN Amro - AnalystPresentationFERGUS MCLEOD, VP, IR, BP PLC: Welcome to BP's first quarter 2008 conference call. My name is Fergus McCleod BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining me is our Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start I'd like to draw your attention to the next slide.&nbsp;In our presentation today we may make forward-looking statements which are identified by the use of the words will, expect, and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons such as those noted on this slide and in our SEC filings. Now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP
BP plc	LENGTH: 16208 wordsCorporate Participants* Jessica MitchellBP PLC - IR* Robert DudleyBP PLC - CEO* Brian GilvaryBP PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Fred LucasJPMorgan - Analyst* Robert KesslerTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities - Analyst* Jason KenneyBanco Santander Brasil S.A. - Analyst* Hootan YazhariBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Blake FernandezHoward Weil Incorporated - Analyst&nbsp;* Alejandro DemichelisExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Theepan JothilingamNomura International - Analyst* Irene HimonaExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Stephen SimkoMorningstar - Analyst* Alastair SymeCitigroup - Analyst* Colin SmithVTB Capital - Analyst* Michele Della VignaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Lydia RainforthBarclays Capital - Analyst* Lucas HerrmannDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Ian HahnBernstein - Analyst* Peter HuttonRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Neill MortonInvestec - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation for the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Jessica Mitchell, head of Investor Relations.JESSICA MITCHELL, IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome everyone. This is BP's third-quarter 2013 results webcast and conference call. I am Jess Mitchell, BP's head of Investor Relations, and I am here with our Group's Chief Executive, Bob Dudley, and our Chief Financial Officer, Brian Gilvary. Before we start, I need to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During
BP plc	LENGTH: 20229 wordsJOHN BROWNE, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Good afternoon to all of you here in London, and good morning to all of those in the United States. They are connected live to us for this presentation and question-and-answer session.We're delighted that we're meeting with you face-to-face here in London, and we also have the opportunity of a live-link with New York. In London I have with me Byron Grote, well-known to all of you; Tony Hayward, my successor, CEO designate; John Manzoni; Vivienne Cox who is in the audience here, and Bob Dudley, along with other members of the leadership team. And in New York we have Bob Malone as our host, along with Iain Conn, David Allen, Andy Inglis and other members of the US leadership team. I'm delighted that Andy Inglis has recently been appointed to the board to lead the E&P segment taking over from Tony Hayward.Before we start, I would like to draw your attention to two items. Firstly, I would like to draw your attention to the words on this slide. We may make forward-looking statements which are identified by the use of the words will, expect and similar
BP plc	LENGTH: 7213 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation for the financial community conference call. I will now hand the call over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP: Good afternoon for those of you listening in Europe and Asia and good morning for those in the Americas. I'd like to welcome you to BP's first quarter 2007 conference call. I'm Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations. With me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to two items. First, today's call refers to slides which we will be using during the webcast. Those of you on our distribution list should already have received these slides by e-mail. If you would like to be placed on the list for future releases, please do let us know.Second, I would like to draw your attention to this slide. We may make forward-looking statements which are identified by the use of the words &quot;will,&quot; &quot;expect,&quot; and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here.&nbsp;And now, over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP: Thank
BP plc	LENGTH: 10275 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation for the financial community conference call.I'll now hand call over to Fergus MacLeod, head of investor relations. Please go ahead, sir.FERGUS MACLEOD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, BP PLC: Good afternoon to those of you listening in Europe and Asia and good morning to those in the Americas. It's my pleasure to welcome you to BP's second quarter 2007 conference call. My name is Fergus MacLeod and I'm BP's head of investor relations. Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to a couple of items. First, we will refer to slide used during the webcast. Many of you will already have received them by e-mail. If you'd like to be placed on the e-mail list for future releases let us know. Second, I need to draw your attention to this slide. We may make forward-looking statements, which are identified by the use of the words will, expect and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here and in our filings.It's now my pleasure to introduce BP's new Chief Executive, Dr. Tony Hayward.&nbsp;TONY HAYWARD, CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Ladies
BP plc	LENGTH: 9014 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community conference call. I now hand the call over to Ferg McLeod, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.FERGUS MCLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Hello and welcome to BPs third quarter 2007 results conference call. My name is Fergus McLeod, BPs Head of Investor Relations. Joining me is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to two items. First today's call refers to slides which we'll be using during the webcast. Those of you on our distribution list should have already received them by e-mail. If you would like to be placed on that list for future releases, please do let us know. Second, I'd like to draw your attention to the information on this cautionary slide. Now, over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Good day to those joining us on this call. I will begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. The table shows the percentage year on year changes in BP's average upstream realizations and refining global indicator margin for the third quarter as well as year-to-date. In the third
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7443 wordsCorporate Participants* Nicandro Durante British American Tobacco plc - Chief Executive * Ben Stevens British American Tobacco plc - Finance Director & Chief Information OfficerConference Call Participants* Erik Bloomquist Berenberg Bank - Analyst * Jonathan Fell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jonathan Leinster UBS - Analyst * Martin Deboo Investec Bank - Analyst * Adam Spielman Citi - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts BofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationNICANDRO DURANTE, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO PLC: Good morning, everyone, I am Nicandro Durante; I am the Chief Executive of British American Tobacco. And with me this morning is, Finance Director, Ben Stevens. Also, in the front row, there are a number of my colleagues including Richard Burrows, Chairman, and John Daly, Chief Operating Officer.&nbsp;This morning, we will be talking you through the half-yearly results, after which there will, as usual, be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions.And a warm welcome to those of you who maybe listening on the conference call, or watching via the webcast.The headline numbers don't always tell the full story, so we'll focus on the organic development, adjusting for one-off charges and the like.Our reading of the global market, excluding China, the
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7909 wordsCorporate Participants* Nicandro DuranteBritish American Tobacco Plc - Chief Executive* Ben StevensBritish American Tobacco Plc - Finance Director & Chief Information OfficerConference Call Participants* David HayesNomura - Analyst* Erik BloomquistBerenberg Bank - Analyst* Jon FellDeutsche Bank Research - Analyst* Rogerio FujimoriCredit Suisse - Analyst* James BushnellExane BNP Paribas - Analyst&nbsp;* Chris WickhamOriel Securities - Analyst* Adam SpielmanCiti - Analyst* Chas MansoSociete Generale - AnalystPresentationNICANDRO DURANTE, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO PLC: I'm Nicandro Durante, Chief Executive of British American Tobacco, and with me this morning is Finance Director, Ben Stevens.This morning, we'll be taking you through the half yearly results. Due to the Olympics and certain disruptions to travel, we are changing the format to the previous years. We'll be doing our Q&A via conference call following the presentation, when there will be the opportunity for you to ask questions.And now the headlines. I'm glad to report that we have delivered a good set of numbers against a difficult backdrop of global economic uncertainties, contracting markets, a tough comparison, given the one-off benefit seen from Japan last year, and significant currency headwinds.On a reported level, volumes, profit, and margin were all up, with the exception of revenue, which
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 11036 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan du Plessis British American Tobacco - Chairman * Paul Adams British American Tobacco - Chief Executive * Ben Stevens British American Tobacco - Finance Director * Neil Withington British American Tobacco - Director, Legal and General CounselConference Call Participants* David Hayes Nomura - Analyst * Jon Fell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Adam Spielman Citigroup - Analyst * Eileen Khoo Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Robin Asquith JP Morgan Asset Management - Analyst * Rogerio Fujimori Credit Suisse - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Banc of America Securities - Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jon Leinster UBS - Analyst * Fulvio Cazzol Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: The music is always a wonderful way to start a day, Michael. I was just saying to Paul today there's always some subliminal message in there somewhere. He's trying to kind of read what your choice of music suggests. But anyway.&nbsp;Well, good morning, everyone. I'm Jan du Plessis, Chairman of British American Tobacco. Also with me this morning are Paul Adams, our Chief Executive and Ben Stevens, our Finance Director. Thank you for coming. A warm welcome also to those who may be listening
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 8335 wordsCorporate Participants* Nicandro DuranteBritish American Tobacco plc - Chief Executive* Ben StevensBritish American Tobacco plc - Finance Director & CIOConference Call Participants* David HayesNomura - Analyst* Erik BloomquistBerenberg - Analyst* Adam SpielmanCiti - Analyst* Henry DaviesBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Fulvio CazzolGoldman Sachs & Co. - Analyst* James BushnellExane BNP Paribas - Analyst&nbsp;* Rogerio FujimoriCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationNICANDRO DURANTE, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO PLC: Good morning, everyone. I'm Nicandro Durante, Chief Executive of British American Tobacco. With me this morning is Finance Director, Ben Stevens.This morning we will be taking you through the half-yearly results. Like last year we will be doing our Q&A via conference call following this presentation, when there will be the opportunity for you to ask questions.And now to the headlines; I am pleased to report that we have delivered another good performance against a difficult backdrop of global economic uncertainty, more challenging industry volumes and a currency headwind. On a constant currency basis, these are the strong numbers with growth in revenue and profit. We are continuing to deliver on our commitment to high single-figure EPS growth.Total tobacco volume in the first half was down 3.2%, although this result was impacted by
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 10167 wordsJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: I've just got this nasty suspicion some people might say they'll keep the music going and get the Chairman to sit down. Anyway that's a good way to start the day. So good morning everybody and welcome to our annual results presentation. A warm welcome also to those of you listening to the conference call or watching on the website bat.com. Now for those of you listening in, my name is Jan du Plessis, Chairman of British American Tobacco and with me today are Paul Adams, Chief Executive and Paul Rayner our Finance Director and after my opening remarks the two of them will comment on our results in more detail.So let's begin with the headline numbers. Despite the 36% decrease in reported profits from operations, it really has been a vintage year. It is without doubt, certainly in my opinion, been our best year by far since the demerger of Financial Services in 1998 and the merger of Rothmans shortly thereafter.&nbsp;On a like for like basis, which really does give a much better indication of underlying trading performance, profit from operations was up 9%. Paul Adams and Paul Rayner will
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7330 wordsPAUL ADAMS, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning, everyone. I'm Paul Adams, Chief Executive. And with me is Paul Rayner, Finance Director.This morning, we'll be taking you through the first quarter results, and there will be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions.And a warm welcome to those of you who may be listening on the Conference Call or watching via our website, bat.com.The three key financial measures -- revenue, profit and earnings -- were all positive in the first quarter. Throughout the presentation, you will hear references to like-for-like numbers. Like-for-like excludes the exceptional charges in Q1 2006, as well as last year's distortion arising from the new terms of trade in Italy, following the disposal of Etinera. The new Italian terms of trade meant that the 2005 Q1 numbers included 23 million Pounds of additional profit and 3 billion sticks of bullion in the Europe region's results.&nbsp;So, on a like-for-like basis, net revenue was up 12% at current rates and up 5% at constant rates, somewhat ahead of trend, which we would expect to be around 3% per annum. Similarly, profit from operations on a like-for-like basis benefited from favorable foreign exchange
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 8441 wordsJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our interim results presentation. I'm Jan du Plessis, Chairman. And with me are Paul Adams, Chief Executive Officer, and Paul Rayner, Finance Director. After taking you through our results, there will naturally be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions. A warm welcome also to those of you who might be listening on the conference call or watching on our website, BAT.com.This is a very pleasing set of results, and demonstrate the continuing improvement in the quality of our business. Certainly, each of the key drivers are running ahead of [trend], and show that the group's strategy is delivering shareholder value. Group volumes on a like-for-like basis have grown by 3%, led by the global drive brands which are up by a remarkable 20%. This has translated into strong growth in the topline with net revenue up 6% and profit from operations up 9% at constant rates of exchange. Although we do not report on cost savings at this stage of the year, I can confirm that we continue to make progress from the various initiatives that we have a place.&nbsp;Our associate companies
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 6502 wordsPAUL ADAMS, CEO, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Well good morning everyone. I'm Paul Adams, Chief Executive, and with me is Paul Rayner, the Finance Director. This morning we'll be taking you through the nine months results and there will be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions. And a warm welcome to those of you who may be listening on the conference call or watching via our website, BAT.com.As a set of nine months results, today's announcement is very encouraging. Revenue and profit from operations on a like-for-like basis are ahead of trend as is the growth in adjusted earnings per share. The slackening of exchange rates has had some impact in the third quarter and it is quite possible that foreign exchange benefits will be neutral for the year as a whole.Looking at the discrete third quarter, the story is quite different. Volumes, turnover and profit are lower than the comparative quarter last year. As flagged at the interim presentation, the third quarter was going to be a tough one, particularly when compared to Q3 2005 which was very strong, helped by exchange and favorable timings. Conversely, Q3 2006 was adversely affected by exchange and
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 5630 wordsPAUL ADAMS, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO PLC: Good morning everyone and welcome to British American Tobacco's first quarter 2004 results presentation. For those of you listening into this conference, I'm Paul Adams, Chief Executive of British American Tobacco, and with me today is Paul Rayner, The Finance Director. Before we begin, I would urge investors to read the complete forward-looking statement that is part of today's presentation pack and can be seen on our Web site.&nbsp;Starting with the headlines of today's announcement, operating profit before amortization of goodwill and exceptional charges was up 3% at 640m pounds. Pre-tax profit after the charging of a further 5m pounds to some of the restructuring projects announced last year and goodwill amortization was down 3% at 454m pounds. And adjusted diluted earnings per share rose 6% to 15.59 pence. The dominant factor affecting these numbers was the strength of sterling on the translation of the profit into sterling, which had a 34m pound impact on operating profit. As we remarked at the end of February, exchange will continue to have a significant impact on our results for the year. Ignoring the translation effects of exchange, operating profit would have been
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 8899 wordsJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone and welcome to British American Tobacco's 2005 interim results presentation. A warm welcome also to those of you listening to the conference call and watching at our website, bat.com. For those of you listening in, my name is Jan du Plessis, Chairman of British American Tobacco. With me here this morning we've also got Paul Adams, Chief Executive, and Paul Rayner, our Finance Director. After my opening remarks, the two of them will comment on the results in more detail.So, let's begin with the headline numbers. The 1% increase in the reported profit from operations obscures the real progress that we've made this year. The 8% increase in profit on a like-for-like basis provides a better indication of our good underlying trading results. And Paul Rayner will, in his presentation, discuss with you the various accounting issues or exceptional items, and explain the difference between these two numbers.My two colleagues will also review with you, in detail, the real drivers behind the exceptional 25 -- 23% growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share.&nbsp;I should point out that the 10% increase in the interim dividend does not provide you
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 4164 wordsPAUL ADAMS, CEO, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Thank you, Paul. Could I just remind everyone to please state your name and firm when asking your question. Thank you. Yes.UNIDENTIFIED PARTICIPANT: [Inaudible] to tell us what progress you're making and at what pace?PAUL ADAMS: We continue our negotiations in China. Sorry, the question was, what's happening in China? We continue to talk with the Chinese authorities both at governmental level and below, and those negotiations will continue. I've been asked this question a number of times.&nbsp;My guidance to you is to think more in years rather than months. It will take time. We do have to negotiate a factory location and a factory deal. Not only do we have to negotiate it, but we have to negotiate it in a way which will be value enhancing to shareholders, and secondly we have to determine a distribution capability and strategy for China. That will all take time.JOHN PRESCOTT, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: John Prescott from Morgan Stanley. A question for [indiscernible], really, on progress in profits at first half and third quarter. In Latin America, profits are up 5% in the third quarter, having been down 11% at the first half. And
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 9402 wordsJAN DE PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: (technical difficulty) -- (CALL IN PROGRESS) -- to grow earnings per share on average by high single digits. We are currently confident that this is indeed achievable. In line with our dividend policy of paying at least 50 percent of our sustainable net earnings as dividends, the Board is recommending a final dividend of 29.2p, bringing the total dividend for the year to 41.9 pence. This represents an increase of 8 percent. As this chart illustrates, since 1998, we have therefore increased dividends at a compound rate of 9.7 percent.Going forward, our policy will be that the interim dividend should represent one-third of the previous year's total dividend, unless of course there are special factors to be taken into consideration. So let it not be said that (indiscernible) make your lives easier. On this occasion, we would expect a consensus forecast for our next interim dividend to be 14.0 pence per share.&nbsp;Now, apart from the financial highlights, 2004 was an important year for the Group's strategy for creating shareholder value. There is more to this strategy than achieving growth. It is essential that we continue to maintain our
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 4657 wordsOPERATOR: Good day. All sites are now on the conference line. Welcome to the British American Tobacco year-end 2004 earnings conference call. At this time, I'll turn the program over to your host, Robert Caputo (ph) with Financial Dynamics. Go ahead please.ROBERT CAPUTO, IR CONTACT, FINANCIAL DYNAMICS: Good morning, everyone. This is Robert Caputo (ph) of Financial Dynamics. I, along with BAT management in London, would like to welcome you to British American Tobacco's year-end 2004 results conference call. Today in London we have Jan De Plessis, Chairman, Paul Adams, Chief Executive, Paul Rayner, Finance Director, Neil Withington, General Counsel, and Ralph Edmondson, Head of Investor Relations. Jan, please begin.JAN DE PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Thank you, Robert. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our presentation. What I'm going to be doing is I'll be making a number of opening remarks relating to our results for last year. (indiscernible) hand over to Paul Adams, our Chief Executive, who will be going through these results in much more detail.&nbsp;I must say, as an aside, we have also today published for the first time an unaudited profit and loss accounting balance sheet prepared under international financial reporting standards. We
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7728 wordsPAUL ADAMS, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone. I am Paul Adams, Chief Executive, and with me is Paul Rayner, Finance Director. This morning we will be taking you through the first quarter results, and there will be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions.And a warm welcome to those of you who may be listening on the conference call, or watching via our website BAT.Com.Reporting quarterly means that in the Tobacco universe BAT is the first to report results under the International Financial Reporting Standards. There are some significant changes to the year-on-year comparative numbers. And this morning we will try and explain what has happened, so that you get a feel for how the business has performed.&nbsp;As we flagged some time ago, we have also moved South Korea from the America Pacific region to the Asia Pacific region, a logical move I am sure you will agree. And the 2004 comparative numbers also reflect that change.Perhaps the one number that stands out the most is the remarkable 26% increase in adjusted earnings per share. We will take you through some of the factors that have contributed to this increase. But let
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7608 wordsPAUL ADAMS, CEO, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone and welcome to British American Tobacco's nine months results presentation. For those of you listening into this conference I am Paul Adams and with me today is Paul Rayner.2005 looks like its going to be a vintage year for VAT. If you look at all the key measures, net turnover, volumes, global drive brands, profit from operations and adjusted earnings per share, all are either on or ahead of target. Reported profit from operation is down some 43%, but that is due the impact of last year's Reynolds American transaction and restructuring charges for factory closures.The Reynolds American deal has already demonstrated how it has generated shareholder value and made a positive contribution to adjusted earnings per share. As our operating companies review their cost base we anticipate that there may be future factory closures which may give rise to further restructuring charges.&nbsp;We took 142 million pounds over the nine months and as we announced last week, there will be a further charge in relation to Canada during the fourth quarter. The 9% increase in profit on a like for like basis provides a better indication of our performance
British American Tobacco PLC	FinalCorporate Participants* Paul Adams British American Tobacco - CEO * Nicandro Durante British American Tobacco - COO * Ben Stevens British American Tobacco - Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Jon Fell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David Hayes Nomura - Analyst * Chas Manso Evolution Securities - Analyst * Rogerio Fujimori Credit Suisse - Analyst * Adam Spielman Citigroup - Analyst * Julian Hardwick RBS - Analyst * Matt Granger Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jon Leinster UBS - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts BofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationLondon Feb 25, 2010 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of British American Tobacco earnings conference call or presentation Thursday, February 25, 2010 at 9:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Paul AdamsBritish American Tobacco - CEO* Nicandro DuranteBritish American Tobacco - COO* Ben StevensBritish American Tobacco - Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Jon FellDeutsche Bank - Analyst* David HayesNomura - Analyst* Chas MansoEvolution Securities - Analyst* Rogerio FujimoriCredit Suisse - Analyst* Adam SpielmanCitigroup - Analyst* Julian HardwickRBS - Analyst* Matt GrangerMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jon LeinsterUBS - Analyst* Nico LambrechtsBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationPAUL ADAMS, CEO, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Well, good morning, everyone. I'm Paul Adams, Chief Executive of British American Tobacco. With me this morning
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 8515 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Adams British American Tobacco - Chief Executive * Nicandro Durante British American Tobacco - COO * Ben Stevens British American Tobacco - Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Jon Fell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David Hayes Nomura International - Analyst * Adam Spielman Citigroup - Analyst * Rogerio Fujimori Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jon Leinster UBS - Analyst * Erik Bloomquist JPMorgan - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Toby McCullagh Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationLondon Jul 29, 2010 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of British American Tobacco earnings conference call or presentation Wednesday, July 28, 2010 at 8:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Paul AdamsBritish American Tobacco - Chief Executive* Nicandro DuranteBritish American Tobacco - COO* Ben StevensBritish American Tobacco - Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Jon FellDeutsche Bank - Analyst* David HayesNomura International - Analyst* Adam SpielmanCitigroup - Analyst* Rogerio FujimoriCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jon LeinsterUBS - Analyst* Erik BloomquistJPMorgan - Analyst* Nico LambrechtsBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Toby McCullaghMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationPAUL ADAMS, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Well, good morning, everyone, and welcome to our results presentation. I am Paul Adams, Chief Executive of British
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 9189 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Adams British American Tobacco - CEO * Nicandro Durante British American Tobacco - Chief Executive Designate * Ben Stevens British American Tobacco - Finance Director * Neil Withington British American Tobacco - General CounselConference Call Participants* David Hayes Nomura International Plc - Analyst * Jonathan Fell Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Rogerio Fujimori Credit Suisse - Europe - Analyst * Erik Bloomquist Berenberg Bank - Analyst * Jonathan Leinster UBS - Analyst * Robin Asquith JPMorgan Asset Management - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Bank of America - Analyst * David Alton America Investment Management - Analyst * Chas Manso Evolution - AnalystPresentationPAUL ADAMS, CEO, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Well, good morning, everyone. I'm Paul Adams, Chief Executive of British American Tobacco. With me this morning are Nicandro Durante, Chief Executive Designate; and Ben Stevens, Finance Director and Chief Information Officer. Also in the front stalls are a number of my colleagues, including Richard Burroughs, the Chairman; and John Daly, Chief Operating Officer.&nbsp;Thank you all for coming to this results presentation, which will be my last before Nicandro drops the designate part of his title and becomes Chief Executive next week. And as always, a warm
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 8159 wordsCorporate Participants* Nicandro DuranteBritish American Tobacco Plc - Chief Executive* Ben StevensBritish American Tobacco Plc - Finance Director and Chief Information OfficerConference Call Participants* David HayesNomura - Analyst* James BushnellExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Rogerio FujimoriCredit Suisse - Analyst* Adam SpielmanCitigroup - Analyst* Jon LeinsterUBS - Analyst&nbsp;* Fulvio CazzolGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Erik BloomquistBerenberg Bank - Analyst* Dirk Van VlaanderenJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Martin DebooInvestec - Analyst* Henry DaviesBank of America Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationNICANDRO DURANTE, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO PLC: Good morning, everyone. I'm Nicandro Durante, Chief Executive of British American Tobacco. As usual, I'm joined by Finance Director, Ben Stevens. Also in the front row, there are a number of my colleagues, including Richard Burrows, Chairman; and John Daly, Chief Operating Officer.And welcome to those of you who are listening on the conference call, or watching via the webcast.After the presentation, as usual, there will be an opportunity for those of you in the audience to ask questions.2012 was another very good year for BAT. We met all long-term financial goals.In what was another year of financial uncertainty and rise unemployment, with investors and consumers continuing to look for security the Group delivered a
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7402 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Du Plessis British American Tobacco - Chairman * Paul Adams British American Tobacco - Chief Executive * Ben Stevens British American Tobacco - Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Erik Bloomquist JP Morgan - Analyst * Adam Spielman Citigroup - Analyst * Rogerio Fujimori Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bruce Davidson Blue Oar Securities - Analyst * Jon Leinster UBS - Analyst * Eileen Khoo Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationLondon Aug 1, 2008 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of British American Tobacco earnings conference call or presentation Thursday, July 31, 2008 at 8:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Jan Du PlessisBritish American Tobacco - Chairman* Paul AdamsBritish American Tobacco - Chief Executive* Ben StevensBritish American Tobacco - Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Erik BloomquistJP Morgan - Analyst* Adam SpielmanCitigroup - Analyst* Rogerio FujimoriCredit Suisse - Analyst* Bruce DavidsonBlue Oar Securities - Analyst* Jon LeinsterUBS - Analyst* Eileen KhooMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Nico LambrechtsMerrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone. I'm tempted to say from a Chairman who thinks this is a good time to be in the business but that wasn't on my script. I'm Chairman
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7201 wordsJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone. I'm tempted to say from a Chairman who thinks this is a good time to be in the business but that wasn't on my script. I'm Chairman of British American Tobacco, my name is Jan Du Plessis. And with me this morning, I've got Paul Adams, our Chief Executive, and Ben Stevens, Finance Director.We will be taking you first through the interim results, after which there will as usual be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions. And a good morning to those of you who may be listening on the conference call or watching via our website, bat.com.Before giving you my main impressions of today's results, let me begin by briefly running you through some of the headline numbers. Overall volumes rose 1% to GBP334 billion, and I'm particularly pleased with the continuing growth of the Global Drive Brands which are 20% up on the same period last year.&nbsp;Our results benefited from favorable exchange rates, with revenue up 15% and profit from operations up 16%. The underlying growth at constant rates of exchange at 6% and 7% respectively was encouraging, particularly in the current
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7149 wordsCorporate Participants* Ralph Edmondson British American Tobacco - Head of IR * Paul Adams British American Tobacco - CEO * Ben Stevens British American Tobacco - Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Adam Spielman Citigroup - Analyst * Erik Bloomquist JP Morgan - Analyst * Eileen Khoo Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jon Fell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bruce Davidson Blue Oar Securities - Analyst * David Hayes Nomura - Analyst * Rogerio Fujimori Credit Suisse - Analyst * Chas Manso Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Rey Wium Afrifocus - Analyst * John Leinster UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the BAT results conference call. My name is Louise; I'll be your coordinator for today's conference. For the duration of the call, you will be on listen only, however at the end of the call you'll have the opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;And now I'm handing over to Ralph Edmondson to begin today's conference.RALPH EDMONDSON, HEAD OF IR, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm Ralph Edmondson, Head of Investor Relations, and welcome to British American Tobacco's nine months results call. With me today are Paul Adams,
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 9772 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan du Plessis British American Tobacco - Chairman * Paul Adams British American Tobacco - Chief Executive * Ben Stevens British American Tobacco - Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Erik Bloomquist JPMorgan - Analyst * Adam Spielman Citigroup - Analyst * David Hayes Nomura - Analyst * Jon Leinster UBS - Analyst * Chris Wickham Mainfirst - Analyst * Julian Hardwick RBS - Analyst * Jon Fell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Chas Manso Evolution - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Eileen Khoo Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationLondon Aug 3, 2009 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of British American Tobacco earnings conference call or presentation Thursday, July 30, 2009 at 8:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Jan du PlessisBritish American Tobacco - Chairman* Paul AdamsBritish American Tobacco - Chief Executive* Ben StevensBritish American Tobacco - Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Erik BloomquistJPMorgan - Analyst* Adam SpielmanCitigroup - Analyst* David HayesNomura - Analyst* Jon LeinsterUBS - Analyst* Chris WickhamMainfirst - Analyst* Julian HardwickRBS - Analyst* Jon FellDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Chas MansoEvolution - Analyst* Nico LambrechtsBank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Eileen KhooMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Well, good
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 8620 wordsCorporate Participants* Nicandro DuranteBritish American Tobacco plc - CEO* Ben StevensBritish American Tobacco plc - Finance Director & Chief Information Officer* Neil WithingtonBritish American Tobacco plc - General CounselConference Call Participants* Chris WickhamOriel - Analyst* David HayesNomura - Analyst* Jonathan LeinsterUBS - Analyst* Jon FellDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Adam SpielmanCiti - Analyst* Peter CartwrightFiske - Analyst* Chas MansoSociete Generale - Analyst* Rogerio FujimoriCredit Suisse - Analyst* Fulvio CazzolGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Nico LambrechtsBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Toby McCullaghMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationNICANDRO DURANTE, CEO, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO PLC: Good morning, everyone. I am Nicandro Durante, Chief Executive of British American Tobacco and, as usual, I'm joined by Finance Director, Ben Stevens. Also, in the front row there are a number of my colleagues, including Richard Burrows, Chairman, and John Daly, Chief Operating Officer.And welcome to those of you who may be listening on this conference call or watching via the webcast.After the presentation, there will be an opportunity for those of you in the audience to ask questions. If you are on the conference call or watching the webcast please contact the Investor Relations Team later if you have questions.The strength of our brands are consumer-centric, innovative products
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 10994 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan du Plessis British American Tobacco - Chairman * Paul Adams British American Tobacco - Chief Executive * Paul Rayner British American Tobacco - Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Jonathan Leinster UBS - Analyst * David Hayes Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Adam Spielman Citigroup - Analyst * Chris Davidson Blueline Securities - Analyst * Chris Wickham MainFirst Bank - Analyst * Erik Bloomquist JP Morgan - Analyst * Julian Hardwick ABN AMRO - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Right. Good morning, everyone. I'm Jan du Plessis, Chairman of British American Tobacco. And with me this morning I have Paul Adams, Chief Executive, and Paul Rayner, our Finance Director. And thank you all for coming. A warm welcome also to those of you listening in on the conference call or following this on our website, bat.com. I also should just extend a special welcome to a number of visitors from Russia this morning, a number of journalists we've got with us. Thank you for joining us and I hope you find it interesting.&nbsp;On a morning when I'm pleased to say we have lots of good things to talk
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 10900 wordsJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Right. Good morning, everyone. I'm Jan du Plessis, Chairman of British American Tobacco. And with me this morning I have Paul Adams, Chief Executive, and Paul Rayner, our Finance Director. And thank you all for coming. A warm welcome also to those of you listening in on the conference call or following this on our website, bat.com. I also should just extend a special welcome to a number of visitors from Russia this morning, a number of journalists we've got with us. Thank you for joining us and I hope you find it interesting.&nbsp;On a morning when I'm pleased to say we have lots of good things to talk about, I thought I may as well start with one bit of bad news. I'm sure you will have seen from our announcement early this morning that Paul Rayner has decided to return to Australia for family reasons, and accordingly has asked to stand down as Finance Director at our AGM in April. With great sadness, we have obviously agreed to his request and we can only wish Paul and his family well at this difficult time. We're not only losing a
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7401 wordsCorporate Participants* Ralph Edmondson British American Tobacco - Head of IR * Paul Adams British American Tobacco - CEO * Ben Stevens British American Tobacco - Finance Director * Neil Withington British American Tobacco - General CounselConference Call Participants* David Hayes Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Eileen Khoo Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Rey Wium Afrifocus - Analyst * Adam Spielman Citigroup - Analyst * Robin Pagnamenta The Times - Media * Jonathan Fell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bruce Stevenson Blueawa - Analyst * Elise Badoy Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Gerry Gallagher Austin Friars - Analyst * Erik Bloomquist JP Morgan - Analyst * Virginia Heeribout Natixis Securities - Analyst * Rogerio Fujimori Credit Suisse - Analyst * Chas Manso Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Patrick Schwendimann Zuercher Kantonalbank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the British American Tobacco first quarter results conference call. My name is Stephanie and I will be your coordinator for today's conference. For the duration of the call, you will be on listen only. However, at the end of the call, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).&nbsp;I am now handing over to Ralph
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7256 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the British American Tobacco first quarter results conference call. My name is Stephanie and I will be your coordinator for today's conference. For the duration of the call, you will be on listen only. However, at the end of the call, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I am now handing over to Ralph Edmondson to begin today's conference.RALPH EDMONDSON, HEAD OF IR, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm Ralph Edmondson, Head of Investor Relations, and welcome to the first quarter 2008 results call. With me today are Paul Adams, Chief Executive, and Ben Stevens, Finance Director. In a few moments, both Paul and Ben will give you an overview of the results.&nbsp;On our website bat.com you will find the slides that accompany the presentation, together with the earnings announcement released earlier today.After the presentation, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. The conference call will give you instructions on how to ask those questions later.I'll now hand over to Paul Adams.PAUL ADAMS, CEO, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone. Let's first look at the headlines
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 9341 wordsJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Right, welcome everyone, I'm Jan Du Plessis, chairman of British American Tobacco and with me this morning as usual our chief executive Paul Adams and Paul Rayner, our finance director. Welcome to our annual results presentation and thank you for coming. After the usual presentation of course there will be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions. I also should welcome those of you who may be listening on the conference call or watching on our website, bat.com.When you look at the headline numbers, 2006 was a good year with volumes up 2%, Global Drive Brands up 17%, revenue up 5% and profit from operations on a like-for-like basis up 7%, the business is achieving outstanding results in terms of organic growth. Indeed it might interest you to know that these metrics are not only above our long term trend but better than the numbers achieved in 2005, a year which some of you will recall our chief executive then described as a vintage year.In my view these results once again demonstrate that the Group really is delivering on our strategies and continuing to generate significant shareholder value.
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 8475 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the BAT conference call. My name is John and I'm your coordinator for today's conference. For the duration of the call, you will be on listen-only. However, at the end of the call, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I will now hand you over to Mr. Ralph Edmondson, Head of Investor Relations for British American Tobacco, for opening remarks.RALPH EDMONDSON, HEAD OF IR, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us and welcome to the British American Tobacco first quarter results conference call. Joining me on the call are Paul Adams, Chief Executive, and Paul Rayner, Finance Director. This morning, we'll be discussing the first quarter results and, for those of you participating by phone, you'll have the opportunity to ask questions later.But first, there'll be some opening remarks and comments from both Paul Adams and Paul Rayner. There are slides to accompany those remarks and these may be downloaded from the investors' section of our website, bat.com. If you are listening via the website, the slides will accompany the commentary. Paul Adams will now start the presentation.&nbsp;PAUL ADAMS, CHIEF EXECUTIVE,
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7981 wordsJAN DU PLESSIS, CHAIRMAN, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: I think it's ten 'o clock. Good morning everyone. I'm Jan Du Plessis, Chairman of British American Tobacco, and with me are Paul Adams, our Chief Executive, and Paul Raynor, Chief Finance Director.First of all, let me apologize for the late start this morning. This was due to a security alert, resulting in the closure of the road outside. I'm happy to say that the all-clear has been given, so that I'm told that it is now indeed safe for us to take you through our interim results.There will as usual be an opportunity at the end of this for questions from the audience. There is also a facility for those of you who are listening on the conference call, or watching via our website bat.com, to email your questions to Rachael Brierley. The address is rachael_brierley@bat.com Rachael will pick up your questions and will send them through to us in the auditorium so we can take them as well.&nbsp;But before giving you my main impressions on our results today, let me begin by briefly running you through our headline numbers. Overall, volume declined by 2%, affected by a number of
British American Tobacco PLC	LENGTH: 7109 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the British America Tobacco nine month result conference call hosted by Mr. Ralph Edmondson, Head of Investor Relations. My name is Tim and I'll be your coordinator for today's conference call. Throughout the duration of today's call you will be on listen only, however at the end of the conference you will have an opportunity to ask any questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I'll now hand you over to your host Mr. Ralph Edmondson to begin today's conference call. Thank you.RALPH EDMONDSON, HEAD OF IR, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us, I'm Ralph Edmondson, Head of Investor Relations and welcome to the British American Tobacco's nine months results call. With me today are Paul Adams, Chief Executive and Paul Rayner, Finance Director. In a few moments both Paul Adams and Paul Rayner will give you an overview of the results. On our website, bat.com, you will find the slides that accompany the presentation, together with the earnings announcement released earlier today. After the presentation there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions; the conference call operator will give you instructions on how to ask
Inbev	LENGTH: 8994 wordsCorporate Participants* Carlos Brito InBev - CEO * Felipe Dutra InBev - CFOConference Call Participants* Jason DeRise UBS - Analyst * Andrew Holland Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Ian Shackleton Nomura - Analyst * Jon Fell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Chris Pitcher Redburn Partners - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Philip Morrisey Citigroup - Analyst * Jan Meijer Theodoor Gilissen - Analyst * Gerard Rijk ING - Analyst * Paul Hofman Cheuvreux - Analyst * Nikolaas Faes Exane BNP Paribas - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to today's conference call to discuss InBev's third-quarter results. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation we will open the call for a question-and-answer session. Mr. Carlos Brito, InBev's Chief Executive Officer, and Felipe Dutra, InBev's Chief Financial Officer, are on the call today.&nbsp;In accordance with past practice, before we begin please note that, unless otherwise mentioned, InBev's talks about the business performance in organic terms versus the same period of last year, that is excluding any impact or scope or the impact of changes in currencies on the translation of foreign operations. InBev uses the term scope to represent the impact
Inbev	LENGTH: 7784 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and that you very much for waiting. Welcome to your InBev First Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time.I'd like to hand over to Carlos Brito, CEO of InBev. Please begin your meeting sir, and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Thanks Sam; hi everyone, this is Brito speaking. I'd like to welcome you all to our InBev performance First Quarter Conference Call, First Quarter '06. I am joined here by Felipe Dutra, our CFO. Again, thanks a lot for joining us.&nbsp;I'm happy to have the opportunity to present these results today. Note please that all comments unless otherwise stated refer to organic growth. This means any impact of acquisitions, divestitures, or currency translations are excluded.I want to start by outlining the progress we made against our long-term objectives. First, we realized balanced organic volume growth across all zones. Other than the volume decline in Western Europe of 50 basis points, we achieved organic volume growth in all other 4 zones. We entered a consolidated volume increase of 6.2%.Second,
Inbev	LENGTH: 8281 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and thank you very much for waiting. Welcome to the Inbev second quarter 2006 results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS].Just to remind you ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and I'll now handover to today's Chairperson, Mr. Carlos Brito. Please being your meeting sir and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Okay. Thanks very much. Hi and welcome everyone to InBev's second quarter conference call. I have here with me Felipe Dutra, our CFO and Felipe Ludwig, our Investor Relations Head.&nbsp;I look forward to sharing the progress we've made during in the second quarter '06 with you. However, before we get started, let me highlight, as always, our focus on growing our business organically. In other words, we will talk about our results excluding any impact of acquisitions, divestitures, or an impact of changes in currencies on translation on foreign operation.I'd like to start by sharing with you how we performed against the objectives we set ourselves.Number one. Our
Inbev	LENGTH: 7687 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the InBev Third Quarter 2006 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode until we conduct the question and answer session. And instructions will be given at that time. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Just to remind you all that this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to the chairperson for today, Mr. Carlos Brito, the Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead sir and I will be standing by. Thank you.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Thanks Raja. And welcome everyone to InBev's Third Quarter Conference Call. Here with me I have our CFO, Felipe Dutra.I'm pleased to present the results we have achieved during this past quarter, of course an important quarter for us. Also want to highlight as always our focus is organic business performance. In other words, we'll discuss our results excluding any impact of acquisitions, divestures, or the impact of changes in currencies and translation of foreign operations.&nbsp;I'd like to start by reviewing how we've performed against our long-term objectives. We'll start with volumes. Central and Eastern Europe and Latin America achieved solid organic volume growth while volumes
Inbev	LENGTH: 4248 wordsJOHN BROCK, CEO, INBEV: Welcome to our web cast. I'm John Brock, CEO, and I'd like to welcome you to our half year results presentation. Today's agenda is going to be as follows; I'm going to start with a progress report on our journey from Biggest to Best. I'll include here also the important developments of our global flagship brands, as well as some thoughts on our commitments to value creation and optimal resource allocation. Following that, Felipe Dutra, our CFO, will present the results for the first half of this year, after which we will take questions.Let's start with the progress report. Our organic volume growth of 5.4% is in line, or even slightly above, our target of 4% to 5%, and roughly twice the industry growth. You all know how committed we are to organic volume growth, which is clearly the long-term value creator in our industry. I'm happy to report on our successful global best practice implementation across the company. We're focusing on 12 key projects under our Voyager plan. These include strategic long-term initiatives like plan optimization, world class commercial program, and ZBB, which is Zero-Based Budgeting approach.&nbsp;Significant long-term impact should also be expected
Inbev	LENGTH: 5964 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to your Inbev third-quarter 2005 results conference call hosted by Mr. John Brock, CEO of Inbev. Throughout this conference you will remain on listen only. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would like to advise all parties that this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And now I'd like to hand the conference over to your host, Mr. Brock. Please go ahead.JOHN BROCK, CEO, INBEV: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, if you're in the Americas and good afternoon if you are in Europe. We thank you for taking the time to join us and I have Felipe Dutra, our CFO, here with me today. I'm assuming that you've all seen the results announcement that we put out earlier today and I must say that we are pleased with the set of Q3 results. I would like to just highlight a couple of main takeaways that we have before opening it up for any questions that you might have.First of all, our strategy, as you well know, focuses on value creation which is really built on expansion of margins and EBITDA growth. You see that very clearly in the third-quarter results with our EBITDA margin growing actually to above
Inbev	LENGTH: 8242 wordsCorporate Participants* Carlos Brito Inbev - CEO * Felipe Dutra Inbev - CFOConference Call Participants* Wim Hoste KBC Securities - Analyst * Melissa Earlam UBS - Analyst * Ian Shackleton Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Kris Kippers Petercam - Analyst * Philip Morrisey Citi - Analyst * Gerard Rijk ING Wholesale Banking - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Karel Zoete Rabo Securities - Analyst * Trevor Sterling Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to today's conference call to discuss InBev's second-quarter results. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Mr. Carlos Brito, InBev's Chief Executive Officer, and Felipe Dutra, InBev's Chief Financial Officer, are on the call today.&nbsp;Before we begin, please note that unless otherwise mentioned InBev talks about the business performance in organic terms versus the same period of last year. That is excluding any impact of scopes or the impact of changes in currency on the translation of foreign operation. InBev uses the term scope to represent the impact of acquisitions and divestitures or the transfer of activities between segments.In addition, certain statements we make in this called that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements notwithstanding
Inbev	LENGTH: 8161 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to today's conference call to discuss InBev's second-quarter results. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Mr. Carlos Brito, InBev's Chief Executive Officer, and Felipe Dutra, InBev's Chief Financial Officer, are on the call today.Before we begin, please note that unless otherwise mentioned InBev talks about the business performance in organic terms versus the same period of last year. That is excluding any impact of scopes or the impact of changes in currency on the translation of foreign operation. InBev uses the term scope to represent the impact of acquisitions and divestitures or the transfer of activities between segments.In addition, certain statements we make in this called that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements notwithstanding that such statements are not specifically identified. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as anticipate, estimate, projects, believes, intends similar words and phrases. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict and outside of the control of the management of InBev.&nbsp;Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
Inbev	LENGTH: 8444 wordsCorporate Participants* Carlos Brito InBev - CEO * Felipe Dutra InBev - CFOConference Call Participants* Philip Morrisey Citigroup - Analyst * Melissa Earlam UBS - Analyst * Ian Shackleton Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Javier Gonzalez Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Andrew Holland Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein - Analyst * Trevor Stirling Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jon Fell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Chris Pitcher Redburn Partners - Analyst * Michael Bleakley Credit Suisse - Analyst * Christopher Wickham MainFirst Bank - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the InBev fourth-quarter and full year 2007 results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) And just to remind you all, this conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;Unless otherwise mentioned, InBev talks about the business performance in organic terms versus the same period of last year; that is, excluding any impact of scopes or the impact of changes in currencies on the translation of foreign operations. InBev uses the terms scopes to represent the impact of acquisitions and divestitures [or]
Inbev	LENGTH: 8344 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the InBev fourth-quarter and full year 2007 results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) And just to remind you all, this conference call is being recorded.Unless otherwise mentioned, InBev talks about the business performance in organic terms versus the same period of last year; that is, excluding any impact of scopes or the impact of changes in currencies on the translation of foreign operations. InBev uses the terms scopes to represent the impact of acquisitions and divestitures [or] transfers of the activities between segments.With that, I would now like to hand over to today's chairperson, Mr. Carlos Brito, Chief Executive Officer. Please begin your meeting and I will be standing by.&nbsp;CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Thanks, Michael. Welcome to all of you. I am joined here by our CFO, Felipe Dutra. I'm pleased to share with you the results we published this morning and would be happy to answer your questions afterwards. So let's review the financial highlights based on our three operational drivers -- volume, revenue and
Inbev	LENGTH: 9592 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the InBev first quarter 2008 results conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Just to remind you, this conference call is being recorded.Please note unless otherwise mentioned InBev talks about the business performance in organic terms versus the same period of last year. That is excluding any impact of (inaudible) or the impact of changes in currencies these or the translation of foreign operations. InBev uses the term [scope] to represent the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, or the transfer of activities between segments.I would now like to hand over to the chairperson, Carlos Brito. Please begin the meeting, and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Hello, everyone. I have here with me our CFO, Felipe Dutra. Results in the first quarter of 2008 were difficult, with volumes down by 0.4%, and EBITDA growth of just 0.7% as compared to the same quarter last year. It is fair to say that the first quarter last year was a particularly strong one, with volume growth of 7.1% well ahead of the 2007 full-year volume growth of 5.2%.&nbsp;This quarter results were mainly impacted by two issues. First, we were significantly affected
Inbev	LENGTH: 9693 wordsCorporate Participants* Carlos Brito InBev - CEO * Felipe Dutra InBev - CFOConference Call Participants* Philip Morrisey Citigroup - Analyst * Jon Fell Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ian Shackleton Lehman Brothers - Analyst * James Edwards Jones [Execution] - Analyst * Trevor Stirling Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Carl Short Standard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Andrew Holland Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Chris Wickham MainFirst Bank - Analyst * Chris Pitcher Redburn - Analyst * Javier Gonzalez Lastra Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the InBev first quarter 2008 results conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Just to remind you, this conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;Please note unless otherwise mentioned InBev talks about the business performance in organic terms versus the same period of last year. That is excluding any impact of (inaudible) or the impact of changes in currencies these or the translation of foreign operations. InBev uses the term [scope] to represent the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, or the transfer of activities between segments.I would now like to hand over to the chairperson, Carlos Brito. Please begin the meeting,
Inbev	LENGTH: 4993 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the InBev full year 2006 results conference call presented by Carlos Brito, CEO and Felipe Dutra, CFO. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until we conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Just to remind you this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to hand over to the Chairperson, CEO, Carlos Brito. Please begin your meeting, and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Thank you very much. Good morning everyone and welcome to our conference call of fiscal year '06 conference call. Thanks for dialing in and I look forward to sharing with you some comments on the progress we've made during the last year.We'll start by focusing on our 2006 performance as you have seen reflected in today's press release and financial report on the web. I'll then move on to make some comments on the key drivers of our performance and how they link to our overall strategy. And then I'll open it for Q&A.Upfront I should just be clear that unless I specifically mention otherwise we're talking about organic
Inbev	LENGTH: 6639 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the InBev first quarter 2007 results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. And just to remind you all that this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand over to today's chairperson, Mr. Carlos Brito. Sir, please begin your meeting and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Okay. Thank you very much. Hi and welcome to everybody joining our first quarter 2007 conference call for InBev. I have here with me Felipe Dutra, our CFO.I look forward to updating you on our performance for the first three months of '07. As many of you who follow us know, we focus on organic business performance versus the same period of last year. That is, we discuss our results excluding any impact of acquisitions, divestitures, or the impact of changes in currencies on translation of foreign operations.&nbsp;Two more elements which I'd like to clarify. As announced in 2006, we decided that the zone Latin America should be split into two zones -
Inbev	LENGTH: 6541 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the InBev second-quarter 2007 results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until we conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Just to remind you, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand over to the CEO, Carlos Brito. Please begin the meeting and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Thanks, Munro, hello everyone, good afternoon, good morning. Welcome to our second-quarter 2007 conference call. I have here with me Felipe Dutra, our CFO. Today, we will review our second quarter 2007 results. I would also like to point out that our 2007 half-year financial report is also available on our web site today.Unless otherwise mentioned, we will talk about the performance of our business in organic terms versus the same period of last year; that is, excluding any impact of scopes or the impact of changes in currencies or the translation of foreign operations. We use the term scope to represent the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, the start-up or termination of activities, or the transfer of activities
Inbev	LENGTH: 10415 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the InBev third quarter 2007 results conference call.(OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)Chairing today's call will be Mr. Carlos Brito, Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Felipe Dutra, Chief Financial Officer of InBev.I would now like to hand over to Mr. Carlos Brito. Sir, please begin your meeting, and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Well, thanks, Frances, and welcome everyone to our third quarter 2007 conference call. I have Felipe Dutra, our CFO, here with me for the call. As always, unless otherwise mentioned, we'll talk about business performance in organic terms, versus the same period of last year. That is excluding any impact of scopes or the impact of changes in currencies on the translation of foreign operations. We use the term scope to represent the impact of acquisitions and divestitures or the transfer of activities between sites.Overall, our third quarter 2007 performance was below our expectations. In the quarter, our cost management programs, ZBB and VPO were key to offset the weaker top-line results, mainly from Western Europe and China, besides the commodity price hikes.&nbsp;Let me start by sharing with you our performance in three key areas. Volumes. In
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9561 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar, Inc. - Director-IR * Jim Owens Caterpillar, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Ed Rapp Caterpillar, Inc. - Group President * Dave Burritt Caterpillar, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Robert McCarthy Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - Analyst * David Raso ISI - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan - Analyst * Andy Casey Wachovia Securities - Analyst * Andrew Obin Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Daniel Dowd Berstein - Analyst * Alexander Blanton Ingalls & Snyder - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar earnings call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt, Director of Investor Relations.&nbsp;MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR-IR, CATERPILLAR, INC.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's year-end earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I'm very pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens, Group President, Ed Rapp, and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9860 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar, Inc. - Director of Investor Relations * Jim Owens Caterpillar, Inc. - Chairman and CEO * Ed Rapp Caterpillar, Inc. - Group President * Dave Burritt Caterpillar, Inc. - CFO & VP, Global Finance and Strategic ServicesConference Call Participants* Henry Kirn UBS - Analyst * Robert Wertheimer Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Kristine Kubacki Avondale Partners - Analyst * Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - Analyst * Daniel Dowd Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Barry Bannister Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Mark Koznarek Cleveland Research - Analyst * David Raso ISI Group, Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar first-quarter 2009 earnings call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode. We will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.&nbsp;It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, CATERPILLAR, INC.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's first-quarter earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to have our
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9232 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug OberhelmanCaterpillar Inc. - Chairman and CEO* Brad HalversonCaterpillar Inc. - Group President & CFO* Mike DeWaltCaterpillar Inc. - Corporate ControllerConference Call Participants* Rob WertheimerVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Ann DuignanJPMorgan - Analyst* Ross GilardiBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Ashish GuptaCLSA - Analyst* Andrew Kaplowitz&nbsp;Barclays Capital - Analyst* Jamie CookCredit Suisse - Analyst* David RasoISI Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Caterpillar earnings call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, CORPORATE CONTROLLER, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thanks, Kate. Good morning everyone and welcome to our second-quarter earnings call. I am Mike DeWalt, Caterpillar's Corporate Controller. On the call today I'm pleased to have with me our Chairman and CEO Doug Oberhelman, and Group President and CFO Brad Halverson.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, reporting or transmission of any portion of the call without our written consent is strictly prohibited. If you'd like a copy of today's call transcript, we'll be posting it in the investors section of our Caterpillar.com website and it will be in the section labeled results webcast.Now
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8939 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar year-end 2005 earnings results conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt, Director of Investor Relations for Caterpillar. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's year-end results conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and with me on the call today are Jim Owens, Chairman and CEO, and Dave Burritt, Caterpillar's CFO. This call was copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc., and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a printed copy of our prepared remarks, you can go to the SEC filings in the Investor section of our website where they are filed in an 8-K. They are also available on the SEC's website.In addition, certain information we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves certainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement included in the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8506 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar first-quarter earnings conference call for 2006. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, IR, CATERPILLAR, INC.: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Caterpillar's first-quarter conference call. I'm Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. With me on the call today are Caterpillar Group President, Doug Oberhelman, and CFO Dave Burritt.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc., and any use, recording, transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar, Inc., is strictly prohibited. If you would like a printed copy of my prepared remarks, you can go to the SEC filings section of our website under investor relations, where they are filed as an 8-K today. They are also available on the SEC's website.&nbsp;In addition, certain information we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves material uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is included in the Safe
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8831 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar second-quarter 2006 earnings release conference call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, IR, CATEPILLAR INC.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's second-quarter conference call. I'm Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. This call is copyrighted by Cat Inc. Any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this call about the express written consent of Caterpillar Inc. is currently prohibited. If you'd like a copy of today's call transcript you can go to the SEC filings area of the investor section of the cat.com website where later today they'll be filed as an 8-K. They're also available on the SEC's website.In addition, certain information we'll be discussing today is forward-looking and involves material uncertainties and that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement included in our Form 8-K filed today with the SEC.&nbsp;Today I'm
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8598 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar third-quarter 2006 earnings results conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt, Director of Investor Relations for Caterpillar. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, IR DIRECTOR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much and good morning and welcome, everybody, to Caterpillar's third-quarter conference call. I'm Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc.; and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited.If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investors section of the cat.com website, where it will be filed as an 8-K later today. Our 8-K filings are also available on the SEC's website.&nbsp;In addition, certain information we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves material uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is included in
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9244 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Caterpillar's fourth-quarter 2003 results conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Nancy Snowden. Ma'am, you may begin.NANCY SNOWDEN, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, CATERPILLAR: Good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's fourth-quarter 2003 results conference call. I am Nancy Snowden, Director of Investor Relations. With me is Lynn McPheeters, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.This conference call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc.. Any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this conference call without the express written consent of Caterpillar Inc. is strictly prohibited. If you would like a printed version of my prepared conference call remarks, you can go to the SEC filings in the Investor section of our Website since the prepared remarks are filed as an 8-K.&nbsp;This morning I will cover our fourth quarter and full-year results, review our outlook, , go over the usual dealer retail numbers, discuss two special topics and wrap up with the Q&A. Certain information we will be discussing is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is in a Form 8-K filed with the
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8857 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Caterpillar's first-quarter 2004 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Nancy Snowden. Ma'am, you may begin.NANCY SNOWDEN, DIRECTOR OF IR, CATERPILLAR: Good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's first-quarter 2004 results conference call. I am Nancy Snowden, Director of Investor Relations. With me is Lynn McPheeters, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will address your questions during the Q&A portion of today's call. This morning I will cover our first-quarter results, discuss three special topics, review our outlook, go over the usual dealer retail numbers, and wrap up with the Q&A.Certain information we will be discussing is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is in a Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission today.&nbsp;Okay. Let's start with the first-quarter results. As you know, this morning we reported record first-quarter sales and revenues of $6.47 billion and record first-quarter profit per share of $1.16. Sales and revenues were up $1.65 billion from first quarter 2003. The increase was due to higher machinery and engine volume of $1,033,000,000; a favorable
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8331 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Caterpillar's second quarter 2004 and results conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Nancy Snowden.NANCY SNOWDEN, DIRECTOR, I.R., CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you, Jan. Good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's second-quarter 2004 results conference call. I am Nancy Snowden, Director of Investor Relations. With me is Lynn McPheeters, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will address your questions during the Q&A portion of today's call.This morning, I will go over I was second quarter results, review our outlook, go over the usual dealer retail numbers, discuss two special topics and wrap up with the Q&A. Certain information we will be discussing is forward-looking and involve uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is in our form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission today.&nbsp;Let's start with the second quarter results. As you know, this morning, we reported second quarter sales and revenue of $7.56 billion and profit of $552 million.
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8821 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Caterpillar's second-quarter earnings conference call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt. Sir, you may begin.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR OF IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Good morning, and welcome to Caterpillar's second-quarter 2005 results conference call. I'm Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations for Caterpillar, and with me today on the call are Jim Owens, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Caterpillar; and Dave Burritt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc. and use, reporting, transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a printed version of the prepared conference call remarks, you can go to the SEC filings in the investor section of our website that are filed as an 8-K.&nbsp;To leave more time for the Q&A today, I don't intend to reiterate everything that was in the release other than a few key points from the
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8445 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar third-quarter earnings results conference call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt, Director of Investor Relations for Caterpillar. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, CATERPILLAR, INC.: Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Caterpillar's third-quarter 2005 results conference call. I'm Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. With me on the call today are Group President, Doug Oberhelman, and Company CFO, Dave Burritt. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc. and any use, recording, transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a printed copy of my prepared remarks, you can go to the SEC filings in the investor section of our Website where they're filed as an 8-K. They'll also be available on the SEC's Website.To leave more time for Q&A today, I don't intend to reiterate too much of what was in this
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9301 wordsCorporate Participants* Douglas Oberhelman Caterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Ed Rapp Caterpillar Inc. - Group President & CFO * Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - Director of Investor RelationsConference Call Participants* Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert McCarthy Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Barry Bannister Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Alexander Blanton Ingalls & Snyder - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan - Analyst * Jerry Revich Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Robert Wertheimer Morgan Stanley - Analyst * David Raso ISI - Analyst * Meredith Taylor Barclays Capital - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - Analyst * Henry Kirn UBS - Analyst * Stephen Volkmann Jefferies & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Caterpillar third-quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.&nbsp;MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you and good morning and welcome, everyone, to Caterpillar's third-quarter earnings call.
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8131 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Caterpillar's third-quarter 2004 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Nancy Snowden. Ma'am, you may begin.NANCY SNOWDEN, I.R., CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you, Jan. Good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's third quarter 2004 results conference call. I am Nancy Snowden, Director of Investor Relations. With me is Lynn McPheeters, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As you know, it was recently announced that Lynn will be retiring effective February 1, 2005. But fortunately, we will have him with us today as well as for the year-end results conference call in January. We will address your questions during the Q&A portion of today's call.This conference call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. Any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this conference call without the express written consent of Caterpillar Inc. is strictly prohibited.&nbsp;This morning, I will cover our third quarter results, review our outlook, go over the usual dealer retail numbers, discuss special topics
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 10249 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Caterpillar's fourth quarter 2004 earnings conference call. At this time all participants have been placed on the listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Nancy Snowden. Ma'am, you may begin.NANCY SNOWDEN, INVESTOR RELATIONS DIRECTOR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you, Jen. Good morning, and welcome to Caterpillar's fourth quarter and full-year results conference call. I'm Nancy Snowden, Director of Investor Relations. With me is Lynn McPheeters, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Doug Oberhelman, Group President, and Dave Burritt, who will replace Lynn as CFO when Lynn retires.&nbsp;This conference call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. Any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this conference call, without the express written consent of Caterpillar Inc., is strictly prohibited.If you would like a printed version of the prepared conference call and remarks, you can go to the SEC Filings in the investor section of our web site where they are filed as an 8-K. This morning, Lynn in his final results conference call prior to retiring, will cover our fourth quarter and
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8425 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Caterpillar's first quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Nancy Snowden. Ma'am, you may begin .NANCY SNOWDEN, DIRECTOR IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's first quarter 2005 results conference call.&nbsp;I'm Nancy Snowden, Director of Investor Relations. With me are Jim Owens, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Dave Burritt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also with us today is Mike DeWalt, who will become the new Director of Investor Relations.Unlike all previous directors of investor relations here at Caterpillar, I am not retiring. But I am moving to new responsibilities at the company. I'll be available for a few more weeks as Mike transitions into investor relations in early June.This conference call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. Any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this conference call without the express written consent of Caterpillar Inc. is strictly prohibited. If you would like a printed version of
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9423 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - Director, IR * Doug Oberhelman Caterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Ed Rapp Caterpillar Inc. - Group President & CFOConference Call Participants* Stephen Volkmann Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Henry Kirn UBS - Analyst * Robert McCarthy Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Ted Grace Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - Analyst * Jerry Revich Goldman Sachs - Analyst * David Raso ISI Group - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan - Analyst * Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert Wertheimer Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open up the floor for your questions and comments after the presentation.&nbsp;It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's first-quarter earnings call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I am pleased to have our Chairman and CEO Doug
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 14169 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - Director, IR * Ed Rapp Caterpillar Inc. - CFO & Group President * Steve Wunning Caterpillar Inc. - Group President * Doug Oberhelman Caterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants* Ann Duignan JPMorgan Chase - Analyst * Andrew Obin Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Seth Weber RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Joel Tiss Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Andrew Casey Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Theoni Pilarinos Raymond James - Analyst * Mark Koznarek Cleveland Research Co. - Analyst * Henry Kirn UBS - Analyst * Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - Analyst * Jerry Revich Goldman Sachs - Analyst * David Raso ISI Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second-quarter 2011 earnings and Bucyrus acquisition conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. The floor will be open for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.&nbsp;MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you and good morning,
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9802 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug OberhelmanCaterpillar Inc. - Chairman and CEO* Ed RappCaterpillar Inc. - Group President and CFO* Mike DeWaltCaterpillar Inc. - Director of IRConference Call Participants* Andrew ObinBoA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jamie CookCredit Suisse - Analyst* Andy KaplowitzBarclays Capital - Analyst* Robert McCarthyRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Ted GraceSusquehanna Financial Group - Analyst* Vance EdelsonMorgan Stanley - Analyst* David RasoISI Group - Analyst* Ann DuignanJPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar first-quarter 2012 earnings results conference call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR OF IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first-quarter 2012 earnings call. I'm Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I'm very pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Doug Oberhelman, and Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp, with me on the call today.Today's call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9210 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug OberhelmanCaterpillar Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Ed RappCaterpillar Inc. - Group President, CFO* Mike DeWaltCaterpillar Inc. - IR DirectorConference Call Participants* Jerry RevichGoldman Sachs - Analyst* David RasoISI Group - Analyst* Andrew KaplowitzBarclays Capital - Analyst* Henry KirnUBS - Analyst* Robert WertheimerVertical Research Partners - Analyst&nbsp;* Seth WeberRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Ann DuignanJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Jamie CookCredit Suisse - Analyst* Robert McCarthyRobert W. Baird & Co. Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar second-quarter 2012 earnings results conference call.At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, IR DIRECTOR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second-quarter earnings call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I am pleased to have our Chairman and CEO Doug Oberhelman, and Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp, with me on the call today.Now, this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 12312 wordsCorporate Participants * Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - IR * Jim Owens Caterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Ed Rapp Caterpillar Inc. - Group PresidentConference Call Participants * Meredith Taylor Barclays Capital - Analyst * Robert McCarthy Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Andy Casey Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan - Analyst * Daniel Dowd Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - Analyst * Alexander Blanton Ingalls & Snyder - Analyst * Robert Wertheimer Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Andrew Obin BofA-Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentation--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Operator [1]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Caterpillar third-quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. &nbsp;At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode. We will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Mike DeWalt, Caterpillar Inc. - IR [2]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Thank you very much and good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's third-quarter earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I am pleased to have our Chairman and CEO,
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8515 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - Director of IR * Jim Owens Caterpillar Inc. - Chairman and CEO * Dave Burritt Caterpillar Inc. - CFO * Doug Oberhelman Caterpillar Inc. - Vice Chairman and Chairman ElectConference Call Participants* David Raso ISI Group - Analyst * Robert Wertheimer Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - Analyst * Andrew Casey Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Andrew Obin BAS-ML - Analyst * Alexander Blanton Ingalls & Snyder - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan - Analyst * Daniel Dowd Sanford Bernstein Research - Analyst * Joel Tiss Buckingham Research - Analyst * Robert McCarthy Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Henry Kirn UBS Securities - Analyst * Barry Bannister Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar year-end 2009 earnings results call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.&nbsp;It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8734 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - Director, IR * Doug Oberhelman Caterpillar Inc. - Vice Chairman & CEO elect * Jim Owens Caterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Dave Burritt Caterpillar Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Alexander Blanton Ingalls & Snyder - Analyst * Mark Koznarek Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Seth Weber RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan Securities - Analyst * David Raso ISI Group - Analyst * Henry Kirn UBS Securities - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - Analyst * Joel Tiss Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ted Grace Avondale Partners - Analyst * Andrew Casey Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Barry Bannister Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Andrew Obin BofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar first-quarter 2010 earnings results.&nbsp;At this time all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT,
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9179 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - IR * Doug Oberhelman Caterpillar Inc. - Vice Chairman and CEO * Ed Rapp Caterpillar Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Robert Wertheimer Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Meredith Taylor Barclay's Capital - Analyst * Jerry Revich Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Alex Blanton Ingalls & Snyder - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan - Analyst * David Raso ISI Group - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - Analyst * Henry Kirn UBS - Analyst * Stephen Volkmann Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Mark Koznarek Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Andrew Obin BAS-ML - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar second-quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.&nbsp;It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much. Good morning and welcome, everyone, to Caterpillar's second-quarter earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I am pleased to have
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9469 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - Director of Investor Relations * Ed Rapp Caterpillar Inc. - Group President & CFO * Doug Oberhelman Caterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants* Seth Weber RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Andrew Obin BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Koznarek Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert Wertheimer Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Andy Casey Wells Fargo - Analyst * David Raso ISI Group - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan - Analyst * Jerry Revich Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar year-end 2010 earnings results conference call. At this time all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.&nbsp;It is my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you and good morning and welcome, everyone, to Caterpillar's year-end earnings call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I am pleased to have our Chairman and CEO Doug Oberhelman and
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9510 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWaltCaterpillar Inc. - Corporate Controller & Director, IR* Doug OberhelmanCaterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Brad HalversonCaterpillar Inc. - Group President & CFOConference Call Participants* David RasoISI Group - Analyst* Jerry RevichGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jamie CookCredit Suisse - Analyst* Seth WeberRBC Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;* Theoni PilarinosRaymond James - Analyst* Robert WertheimerVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Ann DuignanJPMorgan Chase - Analyst* Andrew KaplowitzBarclays Capital - Analyst* Eli LustgartenLongbow Research - Analyst* Ted GraceSusquehanna Financial Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar full-year and fourth-quarter 2012 earnings results. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, CORPORATE CONTROLLER & DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much and good morning and welcome, everyone, to our year-end earnings call. I am Mike DeWalt, Caterpillar's Corporate Controller and Director of Investor Relations. On the call today, I am pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Doug Oberhelman and our Group President
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8509 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug OberhelmanCaterpillar Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Brad HalversonCaterpillar Inc. - Group President, CFO* Mike DeWaltCaterpillar Inc. - Corporate Controller, Director of IRConference Call Participants* Jamie CookCredit Suisse - Analyst* Stephen VolkmannJefferies - Analyst* Joel TissBank of Montreal - Analyst* Andrew CaseyWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Andrew Kaplowitz&nbsp;Barclays - Analyst* David RasoISI - Analyst* Steven FisherUBS - Analyst* Jerry RevichGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Seth WeberRBC - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar first-quarter 2013 earnings results conference call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode, and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, CORPORATE CONTROLLER, DIRECTOR OF IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first-quarter earnings call. I am Mike DeWalt, Caterpillar's Corporate Controller. On the call today, I'm pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Doug Oberhelman, and Group President and CFO, Brad Halverson.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc., and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this call
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8866 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - Director, IR * Jim Owens Caterpillar Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Dave Burritt Caterpillar Inc. - CFO * Ed Rapp Caterpillar Inc. - Group PresidentConference Call Participants* Andrew Obin Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Koznarek Cleveland Research - Analyst * Barry Bannister Stifel, Nicolaus - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Securities - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan - Analyst * Daniel Dowd Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Seth Weber Banc of America - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar third quarter 2008 earnings results. At this time all lines have been placed on a listen only-mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.&nbsp;It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much. And good morning everyone and welcome to Caterpillar third quarter conference call. I'm Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. And I'm very pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens, Group President, Ed Rapp, and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today.
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8959 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - Director IR * Jim Owens Caterpillar Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Ed Rapp Caterpillar Inc. - Group PresidentConference Call Participants* Daniel Dowd Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Henry Kirn UBS - Analyst * Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - Analyst * Alexander Blanton Ingalls & Snyder - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Securities - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan - Analyst * Andrew Obin BAS-ML - Analyst * David Raso ISI Group - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Koznarek Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Robert Wertheimer Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar second-quarter 2009 earnings results call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the main presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.&nbsp;MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's second-quarter earnings conference call. I Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations.I'm very pleased to have
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8767 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWaltCaterpillar Inc. - Director of IR* Doug OberhelmanCaterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Ed RappCaterpillar Inc. - Group President & CFOConference Call Participants* Stephen VolkmannJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Rob WertheimerVertical Research - Analyst* Andrew KaplowitzBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ted GraceSusquehanna - Analyst* Robert McCarthyRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Jerry RevichGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Henry KirnUBS - Analyst* David RasoISI Group - Analyst* Seth WeberRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Eli LustgartenLongbow Securities - Analyst* Jamie CookCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third-quarter 2011 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions).It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR OF IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much, and good morning and welcome, everyone, to Caterpillar's third-quarter earnings call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Doug Oberhelman, and our Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp, with me on the call today. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc., and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8876 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWaltCaterpillar Inc. - Director IR* Ed RappCaterpillar Inc. - Group President, CFO* Doug OberhelmanCaterpillar Inc. - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Ann DuignanJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Joel TissBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Andrew CaseyWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Robert WertheimerVertical Research Partners - Analyst* David RasoISI Group - Analyst* Henry KirnUBS - Analyst* Jerry RevichGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Eli LustgartenLongbow Research - Analyst* Seth WeberRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Stephen VolkmannJefferies & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar full-year and fourth-quarter 2011 earnings results. (Operator Instructions). It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's year-end 2011 earnings call. I'm Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I'm pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Doug Oberhelman, and our Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp, with us on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc., and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited.
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9557 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWaltCaterpillar Inc. - Director, IR* Doug OberhelmanCaterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Ed RappCaterpillar Inc. - Group President and CFOConference Call Participants* Eli LustgartenLongbow Research - Analyst* Vance EdelsonMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Stephen VolkmannJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Ted GraceSusquehanna Financial Group - Analyst* Andy Casey&nbsp;Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Timothy TheinCitigroup - Analyst* Ross GilardiBank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Ann DuignanJPMorgan Chase - Analyst* Robert WertheimerVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Andrew KaplowitzBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Caterpillar third-quarter 2012 earnings results. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much and good morning and welcome everyone to our third-quarter earnings call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations and on the call today, I am pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Doug Oberhelman; Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp; and Brad Halverson, who will be
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9839 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Caterpillar fourth-quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode. We will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, IR, CATERPILLAR, INC.: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Caterpillar's year-end earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I am pleased to have with me today two Group Presidents, Doug Oberhelman and Ed Rapp, and our CFO Dave Burritt. Jim Owens, our Chairman and CEO, is a participant at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, today and isn't with us. But he does look forward to talking with you at our analysts meeting at CONEXPO in Las Vegas on March 11.&nbsp;Just a reminder, this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc. Any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9119 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Caterpillar first-quarter 2008 earnings results. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, the Director of Investor Relations, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much and good morning, everyone and welcome to Caterpillar's first-quarter earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations and I am very pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens with us today; Group President, Ed Rapp; our CFO, Dave Burritt. We will all try to answer your questions today.Now this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investor section of our cat.com website or to the SEC's website where it will be filed as an 8-K.&nbsp;In addition,
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9229 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar Inc. - Director, IR * Jim Owens Caterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Ed Rapp Caterpillar Inc. - Group PresidentConference Call Participants* Jamie Cook Credit Suisse - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - Analyst * Ann Duignan Bear Stearns - Analyst * David Raso Citigroup - Analyst * Andrew Casey Wachovia - Analyst * Alex Blanton Ingalls & Snyder - Analyst * Mark Koznarek Cleveland Research - Analyst * Robert McCarthy Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Barry Bannister Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Daniel Dowd Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Caterpillar first-quarter 2008 earnings results. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, the Director of Investor Relations, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.&nbsp;MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much and good morning, everyone and welcome to Caterpillar's first-quarter earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9153 wordsCorporate Participants* Mike DeWalt Caterpillar, Inc. - Director, IR * Jim Owens Caterpillar, Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Ed Rapp Caterpillar, Inc. - Group PresidentConference Call Participants* David Raso Citigroup - Analyst * Daniel Dowd Sanford Bernstein Research - Analyst * Ann Duignan JPMorgan Securities - Analyst * Jamie Cook Credit Suisse Securities - Analyst * Robert Wertheimer Morgan Stanely & Co. - Analyst * Seth Weber Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Robert McCarthy Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Alexander Blanton Ingalls & Snyder - Analyst * Andy Casey Wachovia - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Caterpillar second-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.&nbsp;MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR, INC.: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's second-quarter earnings call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I am very pleased today to have
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9043 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Caterpillar second-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR, INC.: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's second-quarter earnings call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I am very pleased today to have our Chairman and CEO Jim Owens, our Group President Ed Rapp, and our CFO Dave Burritt on the call with me today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript you can go to the SEC filings area of the Investor Section of our cat.com website, or you can go to the SEC's website where it will be filed as an 8-K.&nbsp;In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8997 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug OberhelmanCaterpillar Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Brad HalversonCaterpillar Inc. - Group President & CFO* Mike DeWaltCaterpillar Inc. - VP, Strategic Services DivisionConference Call Participants* Jerry RevichGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ted GraceSusquehanna Fiancial Group - Analyst* David RasoISI Group - Analyst* Eli LustgartenLongbow Research - Analyst&nbsp;* Stephen VolkmannJefferies & Company - Analyst* Seth WeberRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Andrew CaseyWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Robert WertheimerVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Andrew KaplowitzBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ann DuignanJPMorgan Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar third-quarter 2013 earnings results. At this time all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Mr. Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, VP, STRATEGIC SERVICES DIVISION, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you, Kate, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call. This is Mike DeWalt, Caterpillar's Vice President of Strategic Services. On the call today I'm pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Doug Oberhelman, and Group President and CFO, Brad Halverson.Today's call is a copyrighted
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8459 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar fourth quarter 2006 earnings results conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt, director of Investor Relations for Caterpillar.MIKE DEWALT, IR DIRECTOR, CATERPILLAR, INC.: Thank you very much and good morning everybody. Welcome to Caterpillar's year-end conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the director of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens, and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. Any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investor section of our Cat.com website where it is filed as an 8-K. They are also available on the SEC's website.&nbsp;In addition, certain information we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves material uncertainties that
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9013 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar first-quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIRECTOR IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to Caterpillar's first-quarter conference call. I'm Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to have Caterpillar Group President Doug Oberhelman and our CFO Dave Burrit with me on the call today.Just a reminder. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. Any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar Inc. is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investor section of the cat.com website; or go to the SEC's website, where it will be filed as an 8-K today.&nbsp;In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today are forward-looking
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 9203 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar second-quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt. Sir, the floor is yours.MIKE DEWALT, DIR., IR, CATERPILLAR, INC.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's second-quarter conference call. I'm Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I'm pleased to have with me today on the call Caterpillar's Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens; Group President, Doug Oberhelman; and our CFO, Dave Burritt.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you'd like a copy of today's call transcript you can go to the SEC filings area of the investor section of our cat.com website, or you can go to the SEC's website later today where it will be filed as an 8-K.&nbsp;In addition, certain information relating to forward-looking projections of our results that we we'll
Caterpillar Inc.	LENGTH: 8968 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Caterpillar third-quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. At this time, all lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mike DeWalt, Director of Investor Relations.MIKE DEWALT, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to Caterpillar's third-quarter conference call. Again, I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I'm pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens, Group President, Doug Oberhelman, and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with call today to help answer your questions.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investor section of our cat.com Web site or to the SEC's Web site, where it will be filed today as an 8-K.&nbsp;In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 9734 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kamia, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Thank you, I would now like to turn the call over to Bob Hugin, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Celgene.Sir, you may begin.BOB HUGIN, SVP AND CFO, CELGENE: Thank you very much. Good morning. I am Bob Hugin, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us today. With me this morning are John Jackson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Sol Barer, Celgene's President and Chief Operating Officer.On this call, we will review our fourth quarter and full year operating and financial results, and highlight our 2004 financial outlook. Before we begin, I will review our safe harbor statement.&nbsp;Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as estimates and projections, which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements.In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 8498 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. My name is Paul and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene first quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn conference over to Mr. Bob Hugin. Please go ahead, sir.BOB HUGIN, CFO, SVP, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you very much. Good morning. I'm Bob Hugin, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us. With me this morning are John Jackson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Sol Barer, Celgene's President and Chief Operating Officer. We will discuss our first quarter operating and financial results and review our 2004 financial outlook.Before we begin, I will review our Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as estimates and projections which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 6044 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Christy and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly earnings conference call.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]Thank you.Mr. Hugin, you may begin your conference.BOB HUGIN, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you. Good morning. I'm Bob Hugin, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us today.&nbsp;With me this morning is John Jackson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Sol Barer, Celgene's President and Chief Operating Officer. We will discuss our second quarter operating and financial results and review our 2004 financial outlook.Before we begin, I will review our Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Such statements involve risks and uncertainties as well as estimates and projections, which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission referred to in the press release issued this morning could affect such results.Now, let me briefly review the financial highlights
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 9451 wordsCorporate Participants* David Gryska Celgene Corp. - SVP and CFO * Sol Barer Celgene Corp. - Chairman of the Board and CEO * Robert Hugin Celgene Corp. - President and COOConference Call Participants* Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * John Sonnier William Blair - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Rachel McMinn Cowen - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Dave Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Kevin and I'll be your conference operator today. And at this time I would like to remind you that today's call is being recorded. I'd like to welcome you to the Celgene quarterly conference call.&nbsp;At this time, I'll turn things over to David Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID GRYSKA, SVP AND CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer, and I would like to welcome you to Celgene's year end conference call for 2008. With me are Celgene's Chairman and Chief
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 10175 wordsCorporate Participants* David Gryska Celgene Corp. - CFO * Sol Barer Celgene Corp. - Chairman and CEO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - President and COOConference Call Participants* Brian Abrams - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham J.P. Morgan - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Matt Osborne Lazard Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Craig and I will be your conference operator today. Celgene would like you to know that there are slides to accompany this Webcast. They're available on the Investor Relations section of the Celgene Website at www.celgene.com. One other note, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly conference call.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID GRYSKA, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. And
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 11751 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick FlaniganCelgene Corp - VP, IR* Robert HuginCelgene Corp - Chairman and CEO* Jacqualyn FouseCelgene Corp - CFO* Mark AllesCelgene Corp - Global Head, Hematology and Oncology Business* Scott SmithCelgene Corp - Global Head, Inflammaton and Immunology BusinessConference Call Participants* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Robyn Karnauskas&nbsp;Deutsche Bank - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Gene MackBrean Murray, Carret & Co. - Analyst* Geoffrey MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Ying HuangBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Joshua SchimmerLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to Celgene's second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question and answer session at the end of the conference. I would like to remind you that this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 7617 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Joseph, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Hugin. Thank you, sir. You may begin.&nbsp;BOB HUGIN, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you, and good morning. I am Bob Hugin, Celgene's CFO. And thank you for joining us today. With me are John Jackson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Sol Barer, Celgene's President and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, I will review our Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties, and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance, and achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our product's failure to demonstrate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the financial condition
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 7199 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Beth, I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene first quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS ] Thank you.Mr. Hugin, you may begin your conference.BOB HUGIN, CFO, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Bob Hugin, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. And thank you for joining us today. With me are John Jackson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Sol Barer, Celgene's President and Chief Operating Officer.&nbsp;Before we begin, I will review our Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance and achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our products' failure to demonstrate
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 8236 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Kanisha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you. Mr. Bob Hugin, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ROBERT HUGIN, PRES., COO, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. With me is Celgene's Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer. Before we begin, I'll review our safe harbor statement. Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance and achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our products failure to demonstrate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the financial position of suppliers,
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 8562 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Gwen and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly conference call.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bob Hugin. Please go ahead, sir.BOB HUGIN, PRESIDENT AND COO, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thank you. Good morning. I am Bob Hugin. Thank you for joining us today. With me is Celgene's Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer.Before we begin, I'll review our Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties, and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance and achievements to be materially different from the results performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements.&nbsp;These factors includes the results of current or pending clinical trials, our products failure to demonstrate efficacy or acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the financial condition of suppliers including their solvency and ability to supply product, and other factors detailed in our other
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 6722 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene second-quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Hugin, you may begin your conference.ROBERT HUGIN, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you. Good morning. I am Bob Hugin, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us today. With me are John Jackson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Sol Barer, Celgene's President and Chief Operating Officer.On this call, we will discuss our second-quarter operating and financial results and review our outlook for the remainder of the year. Before we begin, I will review our Safe Harbor statement.&nbsp;Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, including estimates and projections, are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. These risks include the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 7898 wordsCorporate Participants* Jackie Fouse Celgene Corp. - CFO * Tim Smith Celgene Corp. - Director of Investor Relations * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - Chief Executive OfficerConference Call Participants* Joel Sendek Lazard - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Jeff Borgess Bernstein - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert Baird - Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Maged Shenouda Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Gene Mack Soleil Securities - Analyst * Howard Liang Leerink Swann - Anlalyst * Rachel McMinn Bank of America - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Celgene's third quarter conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time.&nbsp;(Operator Instructions).As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Tim Smith, Director of Investor Relations.TIM SMITH, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome you to Celgene's third quarter 2010 conference
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 7044 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Lee and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene third-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Bob Hugin, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.BOB HUGIN, CFO, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thank you very. Good morning. I am Bob Hugin, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us today. With me this morning are John Jackson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Sol Barer, Celgene's President and Chief Operating Officer. We will discuss our third-quarter operating and financial results and review our 2004 financial outlook.Before we begin, I will review our Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements made during the conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties as well as estimates and projections which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 8161 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Leigh, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene fourth quarter and year end conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star then the number one on your telephone key pad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star then the number two on your telephone key pad. We ask that you please limit one question per participant due to time limitations. Thank you.I will now turn the call over to Mr. Bob Hugin. Sir, you may begin.BOB HUGIN, CFO, SVP, DIRECTOR, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you very much and good morning. I am Bob Hugin, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us today. With me this morning are John Jackson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Sol Barer, Celgene's President and Chief Operating Officer. On this call, we will review our fourth quarter and full year operating and financial results and highlight our 2005
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 5594 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Canecia (ph) and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene's first quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) . I will now like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Hugin, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.BOB HUGIN, CFO & SVP, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you very much. Good morning. I am Bob Hugin Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us today. With me this morning are John Jackson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Sol Barer, Celgene's President and Chief Operating Officer. On this call will discuss our first quarter operating and financial results and review our 2005 financial outlook.Before we begin, I will review our Safe Harbor Statement. Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks, uncertainties, as well as estimates and projections, which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified in the Company's filings
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 7732 wordsCorporate Participants* Tim Smith Celgene Corp. - Director of Investor Relations * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - Chief Executive Officer * Jackie Fouse Celgene Corp. - Chief Financial OfficerConference Call Participants* Matt Roden UBS - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Thomas Wei Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Ying Huang Gleacher & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Celgene 2011First Quarter Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will like to introduce your host, Tim Smith, Director of Investor Relations.&nbsp;TIM SMITH, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone, I would
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 12012 wordsCorporate Participants* Brian Gill Celgene Corp. - VP Corporate Communications * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - President, CEO * Jackie Fouse Celgene Corp. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Matt Roden UBS - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Gene Mack Mizuho Securities USA - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Bret Holley Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Brian Abrahams Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Ying Huang Gleacher & Company - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen and Company - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Shiv Kapoor Morgan Joseph & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Howard Liang Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Maged Shenouda Stifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 12027 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick FlaniganCelgene Corp. - VP, IR* Bob HuginCelgene Corp. - Chairman & CEO* Jackie FouseCelgene Corp. - EVP & CFO* Mark AllesCelgene Corp. - EVP & Chief Commercial OfficerConference Call Participants* Geoff MeachamJP Morgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen & Co. - Analyst* Gene MackMizuho Securities USA - Analyst* Sapna SrivastavaGoldman Sachs - Anayst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBank of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Joel SendakStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Mike KingRodman & Renshaw - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Celgene Corp. first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Patrick Flanigan, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP, IR, CELGENE CORP.: Thanks, Bethany, and welcome, everyone, to Celgene Corporation's first-quarter earnings conference call. The press release reporting our first-quarter results, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 9932 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick FlaniganCelgene Corp - VP, IR* Bob HuginCelgene Corp - Chairman, President & CEO* Jacqualyn FouseCelgene Corp - EVP & CFO* Mark AllesCelgene Corp - EVP & Chief Commercial OfficerConference Call Participants* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Geoffrey MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ying HuangBarclays Capital - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Christopher RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to Celgene's second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session at the end of the conference. I would like to remind you that this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Patrick Flanigan, Vice President of Investor Relations at Celgene.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP, IR, CELGENE CORP: Thanks Allie, and welcome everyone to Celgene Corporation's second-quarter earnings conference call. The press release reporting our second-quarter results, in
Celgene Corp.	FinalCorporate Participants* Dave Gryska Celgene Corp. - CFO * Sol Barer Celgene Corp. - Chairman & CEO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - President & COOConference Call Participants* Brian Abrahams Oppenheimer & Co - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citi - Analyst * Geoff Porges Bernstein - Analyst * Chris Raymond Robert W Baird - Analyst * Rachel McMinn Bank of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * May-Kin Ho Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & C0 - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Celgene fourth quarter earnings call.&nbsp;I'd like to turn the call over to the CFO of Celgene, Dave Gryska.DAVE GRYSKA, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer, and I would like to welcome you to Celgene's year-end conference call for 2009. With me are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. The press release reporting our fourth quarter and full year financial operating results was issued earlier this morning
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 7850 wordsCorporate Participants* Dr. Sol Barer Celgene Corp. - Chairman, CEO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - President, COO * David Gryska Celgene Corp. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Steven Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Llc - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Brian Abrahams Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * John Sonnier William Blair & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Celgene corporation, first quarter, 2010, earnings conference call.&nbsp;(Operator Instructions).I would like to introduce your host for today, Dr. Sol Barer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.DR. SOL BARER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We had two news releases today, one reporting another record quarter with excellent financial and operational results. And the other detailing our succession planning. Let me briefly comment on the latter, and then we will transition to the results of the quarter. I have been with Celgene for most of my career, where I
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 7850 wordsCorporate Participants* Dr. Sol Barer Celgene Corp. - Chairman, CEO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - President, COO * David Gryska Celgene Corp. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Steven Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Llc - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Brian Abrahams Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * John Sonnier William Blair & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Celgene corporation, first quarter, 2010, earnings conference call.&nbsp;(Operator Instructions).I would like to introduce your host for today, Dr. Sol Barer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.DR. SOL BARER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We had two news releases today, one reporting another record quarter with excellent financial and operational results. And the other detailing our succession planning. Let me briefly comment on the latter, and then we will transition to the results of the quarter. I have been with Celgene for most of my career, where I
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 7850 wordsCorporate Participants* Dr. Sol Barer Celgene Corp. - Chairman, CEO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - President, COO * David Gryska Celgene Corp. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Steven Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Llc - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Brian Abrahams Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * John Sonnier William Blair & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Celgene corporation, first quarter, 2010, earnings conference call.&nbsp;(Operator Instructions).I would like to introduce your host for today, Dr. Sol Barer, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.DR. SOL BARER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you, and welcome, everyone. We had two news releases today, one reporting another record quarter with excellent financial and operational results. And the other detailing our succession planning. Let me briefly comment on the latter, and then we will transition to the results of the quarter. I have been with Celgene for most of my career, where I
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 8543 wordsCorporate Participants* Tim Smith Celgene Corp. - Director, IR * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - CEO * Dave Gryska Celgene Corp. - CFOConference Call Participants* Chris Raymond Robert W. Baird and Company - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Howard Liang Leerink Swann - Analyst * Charles Duncan JMP Securities - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citi - Analyst * Eric Schmidt Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Brian Abrahams Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Celgene second quarter earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Smith, Director of Investor Relations at Celgene Corp. Tim.TIM SMITH, DIRECTOR, IR, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone, and thank for joining us this morning. I would
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 9137 wordsCorporate Participants* Tim Smith Celgene Corp. - Director of IR * Mark Alles Celgene Corp. - Presidnt of the Americas * Jackie Fouse Celgene Corp. - SVP and CFO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - Pres., CEOConference Call Participants* Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Unidentified Participant - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Matt Roden UBS - Analyst * Brian Abrahams Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Christopher Raymond Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Bret Holley Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Maged Shenouda Stifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Celgene's 2010 fourth quarter and full year conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 11366 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick FlaniganCelgene Corp. - VP IR* Bob HuginCelgene Corp. - President, CEO* Jackie FouseCelgene Corp. - EVP, CFO* Mark AllesCelgene Corp. - EVP, Chief Commercial Officer* Scott SmithCelgene Corp. - Corporate VP, Global Head Inflammation & ImmunologyConference Call Participants* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst&nbsp;* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Josh SchimmerLazard Capital - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Hello and welcome to the Celgene fourth-quarter and full-year 2012 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.Now, I'll turn the call over to your host, Mr. Patrick Flanigan, Vice President of Investor Relations.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP IR, CELGENE CORP.: Thanks, Sayed, and welcome, everyone, to Celgene Corporation's fourth-quarter and year-end conference call. The press release reporting our financial results, in addition
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 12170 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick FlaniganCelgene Corp - VP, IR* Bob HuginCelgene Corp - President & CEO* Jackie FouseCelgene Corp - EVP & CFO* Mark AllesCelgene Corp - EVP, Global Head of Hematology and OncologyConference Call Participants* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Wes SpeakerISI Group - Analyst&nbsp;* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Mara GoldsteinCantor Fitzgerald - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ying HuangBarclays Capital - Analyst* Matthew AndrewsWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Michael G. KingRodman & Renshaw - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to Celgene's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session at the end of the conference. I would like to remind you that this call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Patrick Flanigan, Vice
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 8676 wordsCorporate Participants* David Gryska Celgene Corp. - CFO * Sol Barer Celgene Corp. - Chairman, CEO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - President, COOConference Call Participants* Katherine Kim Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Charles Duncan JMP Securities - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Bernstein - Analyst * Rachel McMinn Cowen - Analyst * John Sonnier William Blair - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kristin and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to the turn the call over to David Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID GRYSKA, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer, and I'd like to welcome you to Celgene's third quarter 2008 conference call. With me are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. The press release reporting our third quarter financial and operating results was issued earlier
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 10072 wordsCorporate Participants* David Gryska Celgene Corp. - CFO * Sol Barer Celgene Corp. - CEO * Dave Gryska Celgene Corp. - CFO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - COOConference Call Participants* Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Eun Yang Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Charles Duncan JMP Securities - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Aaron Reames Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * John Sonnier William Blair & Co. - Analyst * Brian Abrahams Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matt and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene second quarter conference call. This call is being recorded. Celgene would like you know there are slides that accompanying the webcast. They are available at the investor relations section of the Celgene website, www.celgene.com.&nbsp;I'd like now to turn the call over to David Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 10219 wordsCorporate Participants* Dave Gryska Celgene Corp. - SVP & CFO * Dr. Sol Barer Celgene Corp. - Chairman & CEO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - President & COOConference Call Participants* Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Brian Aberman Oppenheimer - Analyst * Joel Sendak Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citi - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Sonnier William Blair & Company - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Celgene third quarter earnings call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would like to turn the call over to the CFO of Celgene, Mr. Dave Gryska. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;DAVE GRYSKA, SVP & CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. I would like to welcome you to Celgene's third quarter 2009 conference call. With me are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin.
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 12471 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick FlaniganCelgene Corp. - VP, IR* Bob HuginCelgene Corp. - President & CEO* Jackie FouseCelgene Corp. - SVP & CFO* Mark AllesCelgene Corp. - incoming Global Chief Commercial OfficerConference Call Participants* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Geoff PorgesSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Sapna SrivastavaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen & Co. - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Mike KingRodman & Renshaw - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* George FarmerCanaccord Genuity - Analyst* John SonnierWilliam Blair - Analyst* Gene MackMizuho Securities - Analyst* Maged ShenoudaStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann - Analyst* Ryan MartinLazard Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Celgene third-quarter earnings call. Your host for the call is the Vice President of Investor Relations, Patrick Flanigan.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP, IR, CELGENE CORP.: Thanks and welcome everyone to Celgene Corporation's third-quarter earnings conference call. The press release reporting our third-quarter results, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast, can be
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 12579 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick FlaniganCelgene Corporation - VP - IR* Bob HuginCelgene Corporation - Chairman and CEO* Jackie FouseCelgene Corporation - SVP and CFO* Mark AllesCelgene Corporation - Global Chief Commercial OfficerConference Call Participants* Jim BirchenoughBarclays Capital - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Sapna SrivastavaMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Gene MackMizuho Securities USA - Analyst* Mike KingRodman & Renshaw - Analyst* Charles DuncanJMP Securities - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Ying HuangBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Hello and welcome to the Celgene fourth-quarter and full-year 2011 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. Now I'll turn the call over to your host,
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 10374 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick FlaniganCelgene Corporation - VP, IR* Bob HuginCelgene Corporation - President & CEO* Jackie FouseCelgene Corporation - EVP & CFO* Mark AllesCelgene Corporation - EVP & Chief Commercial OfficerConference Call Participants* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan - Analyst* Geoff PorgesBernstein Research - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Rachel McMinn&nbsp;Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Chris RaymondRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Mara GoldsteinCantor Fitzgerald - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* John SonnierWilliam Blair - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBMO Capital - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to Celgene's third-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen only mode until the question and answer session and at the end of the conference. I would like to remind you that this call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Patrick Flanigan, Vice President of Investor Relations at Celgene.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP, IR, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thanks, Huey, and welcome everyone to Celgene Corporation's third-quarter
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 9957 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Tom and I'll be your conference operator today. I'd like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.DAVE GRYSKA, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning everyone. I'm Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer, and welcome to Celgene's fourth quarter and full-year 2007 conference call, and thank you for joining us today. I am in Boston and with me in New Jersey are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. The press release reporting our financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning, and is also available on our corporate Website.I will begin the conference call by reviewing the fourth quarter and year-end results and then end by sharing our financial objectives for 2008. Then, Bob will review our operational and commercial results from 2007 and outlook for 2008. Sol will then conclude our session with a strategic perspective on 2008 and beyond. Before we start, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 8683 wordsCorporate Participants* David Gryska Celgene Corp. - SVP, CFO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp. - President, COO * Dr. Sol Barer Celgene Corp. - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jim Reddoch Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Candace, I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene first quarter conference call.&nbsp;At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID GRYSKA, SVP, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer, and I would like to welcome you to Celgene's first quarter 2008 conference call. With me are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. The press release reporting our first quarter financial and operating
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 8632 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Candace, I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene first quarter conference call.At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID GRYSKA, SVP, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer, and I would like to welcome you to Celgene's first quarter 2008 conference call. With me are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. The press release reporting our first quarter financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning, and is also available on our corporate website.I will start the call by reviewing our first quarter results, then I will provide insight into the progress of our acquisition. I will end by sharing our financial outlook for 2008. Bob will then review our operational and commercial results for the first quarter, and give you the outlook for the rest of 2008. Sol will then conclude our session with a strategic perspective on 2008 and
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 9093 wordsCorporate Participants* David Gryska Celegene Corp - CFO * Bob Hugin Celgene Corp - President and COO * Sol Barer Celgene Corp - Chair and CEOConference Call Participants* Geoffrey Meacham JP Morgan - Analyst * Jeffrey Porjun Stanford Bernstein - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * May-Kin Ho goldman Sachs - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Stacey, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Celgene Quarterly Conference Call. As a reminder today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to David Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID GRYSKA, CFO, CELEGENE CORP: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer, and I would like to welcome you to Celgene's second quarter 2008 conference call. With me are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin The press release reporting our second quarter financial
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 9004 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Stacey, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Celgene Quarterly Conference Call. As a reminder today's call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to David Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID GRYSKA, CFO, CELEGENE CORP: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer, and I would like to welcome you to Celgene's second quarter 2008 conference call. With me are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin The press release reporting our second quarter financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate web site. I'll start the call by sharing our second quarter results. Then I'll take you through our financial outlook for 2008. Bob will then review our operational and commercial results for the second quarter and give the outlook for the rest of the year. Sol will then conclude with a strategic perspective on 2008 and beyond.&nbsp;Before we start, we wanted to remind that certain statements
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 11408 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick FlaniganCelgene Corporation - VP of IR* Bob HuginCelgene Corporation - Chairman and CEO* Jackie FouseCelgene Corporation - CFO* Mark AllesCelgene Corporation - Global Head of Hematology and Oncology* Scott SmithCelgene Corporation - Global Head of Information and ImmunologyConference Call Participants* Geoffrey MeachamJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rachel McMinn&nbsp;BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Alethia YoungDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Eric SchmidtCowen and Company - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Mike KingJMP Securities - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst* Ying HuangBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Mara GoldsteinCantor Fitzgerald - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Gene MackBrean Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to Celgene's third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call.(Operator Instructions)I would like to remind you that this call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Patrick Flanigan, Vice President of Investor Relations at Celgene. Please go ahead.PATRICK FLANIGAN,
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 8454 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Dave Gryska, please go ahead.DAVE GRYSKA, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning everyone. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer, and welcome to Celgene's fourth quarter and full year 2006 conference call and thank you for joining us today. With me today on today's call are Celgene's, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin.The press release reporting our financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our Corporate website. I will begin the conference call with review of the fourth quarter and year end results and financial objectives for 2007. Bob will then walk you through our operation results, and Sol will give you an overview of our strategic accomplishments and outlook for 2007.Before we begin we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward looking or made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward looking statements which involve known
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 7633 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Gwen, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly conference call. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Gryska. You may begin.DAVE GRYSKA, CFO, CELGENE CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. And welcome to Celgene's first-quarter 2007 conference call, and thank you for joining us this morning. With me on today's call are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. The press release reporting our first quarter financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning. And it is also available on our corporate website. I'll begin the conference call with review of our first-quarter results and financial objectives for the rest of the year, then Bob will walk you through our commercial and clinical regulatory and international achievements during the quarter, and Sol will give an overview of our strategic accomplishments to date and outlook for 2007.&nbsp;Before
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 8114 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Gwen and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the call over to Davis Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, Sir.DAVE GRYSKA, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, CELGENE CORP: Good morning everyone. I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer and welcome to our second quarter conference call. With me on today's call are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. Today's press release reporting our Second Quarter, 2007, financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is available on our corporate web site. I will begin the conference call with a review of our second quarter results and financial objectives for 2007.&nbsp;Bob will then take you through our commercial, clinical, regulatory and international achievements during the quarter followed by Sol, who will provide an strategic overview of our corporate objectives. Before we begin, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking or made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of
Celgene Corp.	LENGTH: 10350 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Audra. I'll be your conference Operator toda. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Celgene quarterly conference call. At this time all lines are in a listen only mode. After the speaker remarks there will be a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I'd like to turn the call over to David Gryska, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID GRYSKA, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you, good morning, everyone I am Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. With me on today's call are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sol Barer; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. Today's press release reporting our third quarter 2007 financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is available on our corporate website.&nbsp;I'll begin the conference call with a review of our third quarter results and financial objectives for 2007, Bob will take you through our commercial, clinical, regulatory and international achievements during the quarter followed by Sol who will provide a strategic overview of our global long term objectives. Before we begin, we want to remind you that certain statements made during
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 4942 wordsCorporate Participants* Fu Chengyu China National Offshore Oil Corporation - Chairman and CEO * Yang Hua China National Offshore Oil Corporation - Executive Director, President and CFOConference Call Participants* David Hewitt CLSA - Analyst * Andrew Jobson Daiwa - Analyst * Kelvin Koh Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jin Luo JP Morgan - AnalystPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to you all, and thank you for taking time out and attending our analyst briefing for CNOOC Ltd [2009] annual year results announcement.&nbsp;Without further ado, maybe I should first introduce again, because some of you might have been new to the occasion. Seated in the middle representing our CNOOC Ltd Senior Management is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Fu Chengyu. And then to Mr. Fu's right is Executive Director, President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Yang Hua. And to my right is Mr. Xiao Zongwei, Joint Company Secretary and General Manager of the Investor Relations Department.Okay, first shall I have Mr. Fu to say a few words for us and he'll be -- do you want to take the podium?FU CHENGYU, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CHINA NATIONAL OFFSHORE OIL CORPORATION: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen.
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 2167 wordsCorporate Participants* Yang Hua CNOOC Limited - President & CFOConference Call Participants* Prashant Gokhale Credit Suisse - Analyst * Andrew Chan Daiwa - Analyst * Tony Cheung CICC - Analyst * Dylan Lowe DBS - Analyst * David Hewitt CLSA - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to CNOOC Limited's 2009 First Quarter Review analyst conference call. Now, I would like to introduce our management today. Here's Mr. Yang Hua, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. In the following 15 minutes, Mr. Yang will give a presentation on the Company's business performance in the first quarter of the year. After that we will have a 10 minute Q&A session. Mr. Yang, you may now begin.&nbsp;YANG HUA, PRESIDENT & CFO, CNOOC LIMITED: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Yang Hua. It's my pleasure to welcome you to our 2009 first quarter review. First of all, let's look at the big picture of our Q1 results. With respect to operation, our total production was 566,860 barrel oil equivalents per day, an increase of 15% year-over-year. The increase is mainly coming from new project came on stream in 2008. Our exploration sites, we made seven
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 3041 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to today's CNOOC Limited's 2006 first quarter review analysts' conference call. I am pleased to present Mr. Yang Hua. For the first part of this call all participants will be in listen only mode, and afterwards there will be a question and answer session.Mr. Yang Hua, please begin.YANG HUA, CFO AND EVP, CHINA NATIONAL OFFSHORE OIL CORPORATION: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I am Yang Hua, CFO and executive vice-president of CNOOC Limited. I would like to welcome you to our 2006 first quarter review call.&nbsp;I'm not sure you have the presentation in front of you, but I would try to explain in more details.On page 2 of this presentation, I would like to summarize our Q1 achievement. On the operational side, our total production increased 9.5% year-over-year to 450,463 BOE per day. Our major development projects are proceeding on track, and we have made three new discoveries.For our Q1 financial achievement, our total revenue grew 45.1% year-over-year to 16,660 million RMB. Our total CapEx invested increased 11.5% year-over-year to 3,719 million RMB.We have continued our overseas growth through acquisition of the new blocks. On the exploration front we farmed into OPL229 exploration block in Nigeria.
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 2416 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the conference call. Now I would like to introduce the management of CNOOC Limited, Mr. Yang Hua, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In the following session Mr. Yang will give a presentation on the Company's third quarter business performance. After that we will have a Q&A session for about 10 minutes. Mr. Yang, please begin.YANG HUA, EVP & CFO, CNOOC LIMITED: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Yang Hua, CFO and Executive Vice President with CNOOC Limited. It is my pleasure again to welcome you to our 2006 third quarter review. I am not sure you have the PPT file yet. I will go through the presentation relatively slowly, okay?In the third quarter of 2006 we had six successful exploration wells with two wildcats and four appraisal wells. Our offshore China production was 417,884 barrel oil equivalent per day, which represents an increase of 7.7% over the same period last year.&nbsp;Oil and gas revenue in the third quarter reached CNY18.4b, a year-over-year increase of 24.5%. For the first nine months of 2006, oil and gas revenue increased by 36.4% from the same period last year, to CNY53.9b.
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 5692 wordsCorporate Participants* Yang Hua China National Offshore Oil Corporation - President and CFO * Wu Guangqi China National Offshore Oil Corporation - Executive Director and Compliance Officer * Fu Chengyu China National Offshore Oil Corporation - Chairman and CEOConference Call Participants* Neil Beveridge Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Laban Yu Macquarie Research - Analyst * Chris Schu Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Prashant Gokhale Credit Suisse - Analyst * David Hurd Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Gordon Kwan Macquarie Research - AnalystTranscriptEDITOR: (Audio in progress)&nbsp;UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: ... later than usual. We want to link-up with the exchange posting of our results so that we can all-clear before we speak to you. So, thanks for all the patience.Without further ado, shall I now just very quickly go through the leadership on the head table? In the middle of our head table is our Chairman and CEO, Mr. Fu Chengyu, with whom you are all very familiar with. And on my right is our Executive Director, CFO, and President, Mr. Yang Hua. On my far left is Mr. Wu Guangqi, Executive Director and Compliance Officer.And, again, thanks for all the concern and interest in CNOOC Limited; we're very
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 2792 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to today's CNOOC Ltd 2005 third quarterly review. Today I am pleased to present Mr. Yang Hua, Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer. For the first part of this call, all participants will be in listen-only mode and afterwards there will be a question and answer session. Mr. Yang Hua, please begin.YANG HUA, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CFO, CNOOC LTD: Thank you, good afternoon, this is the Beijing time, everyone, and this is Yang Hua, I am the CFO with CNOOC Ltd. Welcome to CNOOC's third quarter review. Now we are very pleased to present you our operational and financial result for three months and the nine months end of September 30, 2005.I assume you have the materials, let's turn to page two. In the third quarter of the 2005 we had a seven successful exploration wells, in which three are wildcats and four appraisal wells in this quarter. Our nine months Offshore China production was 385,091 barrel oil equivalent per day, which representing an increase of 15.2% over the same period last year, showing a strong growth, even though typhoons swept offshore China. Oil and gas revenue in third quarter reached RMB14.8b, a
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 10222 wordsCorporate Participants* Yang Hua CNOOC - CFO * Chengyu Fu CNOOC - CEOConference Call Participants* Prashant Gokhale Credit Suisse - Analyst * Andrew Fein Wood Mackenzie - Analyst * Tony Chan CICC - AnalystTranscript -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Editor [1] -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (Audio in progress)... again attending our interim results for 2008 for CNOOC Limited. First of all, just as a gesture, because I know most of you are friends already, but just in case, for some of the newly joined members of our analyst group. Seated in the middle of our head table is Mr. Fu Chengyu, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. On my -- to my far left is Mr. Zhou Shouwei, Executive Director and President, and on my immediate left is Mr. Yang Hua, Executive Director, Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer. &nbsp;And like our usual procedure, we'll have first our CFO, Mr. Yang, going to walk you through the presentation that sheds light on the details about the interim results for the current year, and then we'll have the Q&A from the floor. So, without further ado, may I now have Mr. Yang to share with you details of our 2008 interim results, please. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Yang Hua, CNOOC
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 5416 wordsEDITOR: (Audio in progress)... again attending our interim results for 2008 for CNOOC Limited. First of all, just as a gesture, because I know most of you are friends already, but just in case, for some of the newly joined members of our analyst group. Seated in the middle of our head table is Mr. Fu Chengyu, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. On my -- to my far left is Mr. Zhou Shouwei, Executive Director and President, and on my immediate left is Mr. Yang Hua, Executive Director, Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer.And like our usual procedure, we'll have first our CFO, Mr. Yang, going to walk you through the presentation that sheds light on the details about the interim results for the current year, and then we'll have the Q&A from the floor.So, without further ado, may I now have Mr. Yang to share with you details of our 2008 interim results, please.&nbsp;YANG HUA, CFO, CNOOC: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our discussion of the CNOOC Limited first half 2008 results. As you know, I am Yang Hua, the CFO with CNOOC Limited.It's my pleasure to meet everyone again. In today's meeting we will
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 2548 wordsCorporate Participants* Yang Hua China National Offshore Oil Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Andrew Fein Wood Mackenzie - Analyst * Tony Chan CICC - Analyst * Brian Chin - Analyst * Neil Burbage - Analyst * Brian Douglas JP Morgan - Analyst * Graham Cunningham Citigroup - Analyst * Tony Lee Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to CNOOC Limited 2008 third quarter review analysts conference call. Now, I would like to introduce our management today. It's Mr. Yang Hua, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. In the following section Mr. Yang will give a presentation on the Company's business performance in the third quarter of the year. After that we will have a 10 minute Q&A session. Mr. Yang, please begin.&nbsp;YANG HUA, EVP & CFO, CHINA NATIONAL OFFSHORE OIL CORPORATION: All right. Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Yang Hua with CNOOC Limited. It's my pleasure to welcome you to our 2008 Q3 review.Now, we're moving on to page two of the presentation. Hopefully, you do have access to that. First, let's have an overview of our Q3 results. In the third quarter of 2008
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 5853 wordsCorporate Participants* Fu Chengyu China National Offshore Oil Corporation - Chairman and CEO * Yang Hua China National Offshore Oil Corporation - President and CFOConference Call Participants* Neil Beveridge Bernstein Research - Analyst * Prashant Gokhale Credit Suisse - Analyst * David Hurd Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David Johnson Macquarie - AnalystPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Welcome ladies and gentlemen and investors, analysts and welcome you all to our interim results for CNOOC Limited 2009 fiscal year. Again this year has presented some interesting challenges for all of us but we are seeing very good progress with our business.&nbsp;Let me first introduce again with the usual protocol our senior management and leadership from CNOOC Limited. Second to my right is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Fu Chenguy, and to my left is our very familiar Executive Director, President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Yang Hua. Third from my left is Executive Director and Compliance Officer, Mr. Wu Guangqi, and on my far left is joint Company Secretary and General Manager of the Investor Relations department, Mr. Xiao Zongwei.So without further ado maybe I now pass on to Mr. Yang to give you an overview of what has progressed in
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 2468 wordsCorporate Participants* Yang Hua CNOOC Limited - President & CFOConference Call Participants* Thomas Wong Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Piri Xu Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Kelvin Koh Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Okay, you may begin.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to today's CNOOC Limited 2009 third quarter review analysts' conference call.I am pleased to present Mr. Yang Hua, President and CFO of the Company.In the following 15 minutes Mr. Yang will give a presentation of the company's financial and operating highlights in the third quarter of the year. After that we will have a Q&A session. Mr. Yang, you may now being.&nbsp;YANG HUA, PRESIDENT & CFO, CNOOC LIMITED: Thank you [Sharon]. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen I'm Yang Hua. It's my pleasure to welcome you to our 2009 third quarter review. First of all, let's look at the big picture of our third quarter results.With the respective operations, 16 successful explorations have been made in which three wildcats and 13 appraisals.Our total net production was 647,382 barrel oil equivalent per day, an increase of 18.4% year-over-year. Overseas production achieved remarkable growth of 78.9% year-over-year to 122,970 boe per day.In third quarter our major project,
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 4991 wordsUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Thanks for attending our 2006 Annual Results announcement for China CNOOC Limited. And perhaps because today we are very glad to have more than the usual representatives from CNOOC Limited sharing the results with you, so maybe I can introduce all of them again for anyone who might not be too familiar, or new to the scene. So featured second on my left is Chairman and Chief Executive, Mr. Fu Chengyu, whom I'm sure you all have been very familiar with. Seated on Mr. Fu's left is President and Executive Director, Zhou Shouwei, okay. And not exactly too often then Mr. Zhou will be with us, so we're very glad to have Mr. Zhou today. And then on my left is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Yang Hua, whom again you all have been very familiar with. And to my far left is Senior Vice President, Company Secretary and General Counsel, Mr. Victor Gao.Okay, without further ado, may I now have Mr. Yang to share the results for 2006 with us. Mr. Yang, please.&nbsp;YANG HUA, EVP & CFO, CNOOC: Thank you, Chris. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to 2006 annual results
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 3231 wordsEDITOR: (Audio begins in progress)UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: ...I'm sorry I just want to beg your pardon to wait for another one minute or two because (inaudible) limited, very pleased to meet you again after a couple of months and maybe I can just first introduce the guests from CNOOC Limited, who second to my left is, all of you are very familiar with Mr. Fu Chengyu, Chairman and CEO of CNOOC Limited. And to the left of Chairman Fu is Mr. Yang Hua, Executive Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CNOOC Limited. And to my mid left is Mr. Liu Jian, Executive Vice President for CNOOC Limited. And to my far right is Ms. Carol Wong, Company Secretary and Senior Counsel.So very pleased to see you all again. Perhaps without further ado may I now call upon Mr. Yang to give a highlight and details about the financial performance for the first half of 2007. Yang Hua.&nbsp;YANG HUA, CFO, CHINA NATIONAL OFFSHORE OIL CORPORATION: Thank you, [Xiao]. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to CNOOC Limited 2007 middle year review. I'm sure you're very familiar with this page. In the first half of 2007 we
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	LENGTH: 2210 wordsUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Welcome to the conference. Now, I would like to introduce our management today. He is Mr. Yang Hua, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CNOOC Limited. In the following time, Mr. Yang will give a presentation on the Company's third quarter business performance, followed by a Q&A session. Mr. Yang, please begin.YANG HUA, CFO, CNOOC: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I am Yang Hua, CFO with CNOOC Limited. It's my pleasure to welcome you to our 2007 third quarter review. In the third quarter of 2007 we had 12 successful exploration wells, with one wildcat and 11 appraisals. Our net production was 476,937 boe per day, which represents an increase of 3.8% over the same period last year.Oil and gas revenue in the third quarter reached RMB18.2b. For the first nine months of 2007, oil and gas revenues were RMB51.4b. Realized oil price was $67.37 per barrel, up 9% from the last year. Our net production steadily increased, 3.8%, which was beyond our expectations, mainly due to 2m boe production from [Jinxian] Level 1 and approximate growth overseas.&nbsp;The third quarter 2007, oil production reached 373,287 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 12688 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's fourth-quarter 2003 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Good morning, and welcome to our fourth-quarter and year-end results conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We're pleased to report our fourth quarter, which is in line with the guidance we gave you a little over a month ago, and at least from our point of view, better in several respects. The P&L shows record performance on virtually every line along with sales increases in commercial marketing, spending and operating profit. Our balance sheet has strengthened yet again and cash generation is excellent. Working capital at year end is at all-time low levels. Volume growth is healthy in every operating division outside of North America. And here in the U.S., without the difficult comparisons with the Simply White whitening gel sell-in, volume and market shares
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 14058 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company first quarter 2004 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded, and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question and answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. And at this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VICE PRESIDENT OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Good morning, thanks Vicki and welcome to our first quarter 2004 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO, Stephen Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey Corporate Controller, Ed Filusch, Treasurer, Ian Cook, Executive Vice President, Lois Juliber, Operating Officer and Javier Teruel, Executive Vice President.As we noted in the press release we are really delighted with the way Colgate has started the year. We exceeded external expectations on virtually every line of the P&L, and set many new performance records both on the P&L and the balance sheet. Our increased focus on our core businesses here in the U.S. appears to be bearing fruit. Also, the momentum we saw building late
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 11921 wordsOPERATOR: Please stand by for realtime transcript . The Colgate-Palmolive conference call will begin momentarily . Good day everyone and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company second quarter 2004 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there might be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the webb simulcast. At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Chris. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Treasurer, and Ian Cook, Louis Juliber and Javier Teruel. We're pleased to report a good quarter with strong volume growth worldwide. In particular, the momentum we saw building in our U.S. business in the first quarter is continuing. Around the world, new product activity continues to be robust. That's reflected in excellent market share performance here and abroad. Our topline growth is strong and that, combined with continued productivity,
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 9531 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP of IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - CEO, PresidentConference Call Participants* Alice Longley Buckingham Research - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Banc of America - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Joe Altobello Oppenheimer - Analyst * Linda Bolton Weiser Caris - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Alec Patterson Dresden RCM Global Investors - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive company fourth quarter and year-end 2008 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder there may be a slight delay when the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast.&nbsp;At this time for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. please go ahead ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, VP OF IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, James and good morning everybody and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings release conference call. With
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 9177 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP of IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - CEO, PresidentConference Call Participants* Bill Pecoriello Consumer Edge Research - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Bill Chappell SunTrust - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citigroup - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan - Analyst * Linda Bolton-Weiser Caris & Co - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Alec Patterson RCM - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Jason Gere RBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive company first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast.&nbsp;At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP OF IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Dahlia. Good morning, everybody, and
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 7434 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina ThompsonColgate-Palmolive Company - SVP of IR* Ian CookColgate-Palmolive Company - Chairman, President and CEOConference Call Participants* Joe LachkyWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Bill SchmitzDeutsche Bank - Analyst* John FaucherJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Alice LongleyBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Ali Dibadj&nbsp;Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Olivia TongBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Bill ChappellSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* Ian GordonS&P Capital IQ - Analyst* Caroline LevyCLSA Limited - Analyst* Michael StipeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Connie ManeatyBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Lauren LiebermanBarclays Capital - Analyst* Javier EscalanteConsumer Edge Research - Analyst* Mark AstrachanStifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company second quarter 2013 earnings conference. Today's conference is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com.Just as a reminder there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast.At this time for openings remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, SVP OF IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning and welcome to our second-quarter earnings release conference call. With me
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 11910 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Co. fourth quarter and year end 2005 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. Just as a reminder there may be a slight delay for the question-and-answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Good morning. Welcome to our fourth-quarter and year end conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Ian Cook, President and Chief Operating Officer; Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman, Stephen Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. Our remarks this morning on the fourth quarter will refer to our results excluding the following items, a 32.9 million after-tax gain on the sale of our Southeast Asian detergent business, a 41.9 million after-tax charge for restructuring and 10.4 million after-tax for other charges. Each of these items was included in the as reported numbers contained in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 12535 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company first quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay for the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast.At this time for opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thanks Sara. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter 2006 earnings conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Ian Cook, President and Chief Operating Officer; Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer.&nbsp;Our remarks this morning will refer to our first quarter results and ongoing expectations excluding restructuring charges, 46.8 million after-tax in the first quarter and incremental charges related to stock compensation due to the implementation this quarter of FASB 123(R), 12.1 million after-tax in the first quarter. These items are included in the as reported numbers contained in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 11545 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company second-quarter 2006 earnings conference call.Today's call is being recorded and being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins, due to the Web simulcast.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson.BINA THOMPSON, VP IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE CO.: Thanks, Erica, good morning, everybody, and welcome to our second-quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO, Ian Cook, President and COO, Javier Tereul, Vice Chairman, Steve Patrick, see though, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Ed Filusch, Treasurer.&nbsp;Our remarks this morning on the second quarter will refer to our results excluding 115.9 million of after-tax charges related to the 2004 restructuring program and an 8.3 million non-cash after-tax charge, or less than $0.02 per share, in incremental stock compensation expenses due to the adoption of FASB 123R. These items were included in the reported numbers contained in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results (inaudible) a reconciliation to the result excluding these
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 12789 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question and answer session begins due to the web simulcast.At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thanks, Gwen. Good morning. Welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO, Ian Cook, President and COO, Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman, Steve Patrick, CFO, and Ed Filusch,Treasurer.&nbsp;First, we will discuss our results for the third quarter this morning, excluding $58.5 million of after-tax charges related to the 2004 Restructuring Program and an $18.9 million non-cash, after-tax charge, or approximately $0.04 per share in incremental stock compensation charges due to the adoption of SFAS 123R. These items were included in the reported numbers contained in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements.The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding these items are included in the press
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 12179 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive, second quarter 2005 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). At this time, for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson, please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VICE PRESIDENT OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE INC: Thanks, Millicent. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Ian Cook, Chief Operating Officer; Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman; Steve Patrick, CFO; Anna Tikky (ph), Corporate Controller; and Ed Phillips (ph), Treasurer.&nbsp;Our remarks this morning will refer to our results and expectations excluding the impact of the previously announced 2004 restructuring, which in the quarter was a charge of $29 million after tax, which was included in our numbers as reported in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statement. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results, excluding the restructuring charge, are included with the press release and posted on Investor Relations page of our Web site at www.colgate.comObviously during the Q&A, we will answer any specific questions, including or excluding the restructuring as you may wish. So we're delighted
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 9826 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP Investor Relations * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - President and CEOConference Call Participants* Ali Dibadj Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Joe Altobello Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Bill Chappell SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Doug Lane Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jason Gere RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Mark Astrachan Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital - Analyst * John San Marco Janney Capital Markets - Analyst * Victoria Collin Atlantic Equities - Analyst * Alec Patterson RCM Investments - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Bank of America - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Nik Modi UBS - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Linda Bolton-Weiser Caris & Company - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan Chase & Co - Analyst * John Anderson William Blair & Company - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive Company third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 13886 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company third quarter 2004 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com just as a reminder there may be a slight delay before the question and answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Delia Thompson, please go ahead ma'am.DELIA THOMPSON, VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thanks, Audra. Good morning. Welcome to our third quarter earning's release conference call. With me on the call this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; Ed Filusch, Treasurer; Lois Juliber, Vice Chairman; and Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman. Of course you all know, we provided guidance for you about a month ago. What we've reported this morning is very much in line with that guidance. And as we said then and as Reuben noted in this morning's press release we are seeing very good results from our increased competitive spending in both volume and market share. Although as Reuben said, these top line and market share increases
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 11613 wordsOPERATOR: Please stand by. We're about to begin. Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company fourth quarter and year end 2004 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at WWW.Colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question and answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter and year end earnings result conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, Ed Filusch,Treasurer. Ian Cook, Chief Operating Officer, and Lois Juliber and Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman. We're delighted to review with you this morning what we believe to be a very solid finish to 2004. As stated in the press release, we're convinced that the steps we have taken to support our businesses around the world are being increasingly successful. Volume growth is excellent. At record levels, in fact. Market shares are strong and growing virtually everywhere.
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 12700 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company first-quarter 2005 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there will be a slight delay before the question and answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, VP OF IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first-quarter 2005 earnings conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; Ed Filusch, Treasurer; Ian Cook, Chief Operating Officer; and Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman.Our remarks this morning will refer to our results and expectations excluding the previously announced first-quarter 2005 restructuring charge of $45 million after-tax which was included in our numbers as reported in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding the restructuring charge are included with the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.Colgate.com. Obviously during the Q&A we
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 9475 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - SVP IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - Chairman, President, CEOConference Call Participants* Bill Chappell SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citigroup - Analyst * Doug Lane Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Dara Mohsenian Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John San Marco Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * Mark Astrachan Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Joe Altobello Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Chris Ferrara BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Joe Ladkey Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Javier Escalante Weeden & Company - Analyst * Lauren Desanto Morningstar - Analyst * Jason Gere RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jon Andersen William Blair & Company - Analyst * Linda Bolton-Weiser Caris & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 11376 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive Co. - SVP, IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive Co. - Chairman, President & CEOConference Call Participants* Bill Chappell SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Dara Mohsenian Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Astrachan Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Nik Modi UBS - Analyst * Joe Altobello Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citigroup - Analyst * Per Ostlund Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan - Analyst * Jason Gere RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Javier Escalante Weeden & Co. - Analyst * Joe Legge Wells Fargo - Analyst * Caroline Levy CLSA - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research - Analyst * John San Marco Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Linda Bolton Weiser Caris & Co. - Analyst * Jon Andersen William Blair - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com.&nbsp;Just as a reminder, there might
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 8851 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina ThompsonColgate-Palmolive Co - IR* Ian CookColgate-Palmolive Co - Chairman, President and CEOConference Call Participants* Bill ChappellSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* Wendy NicholsonCiti Research - Analyst* Linda Bolton-WeiserCaris & Company - Analyst* Chris FerraraBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Joe AltobelloOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Ali DibadjSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Dara MohsenianMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Caroline LevyCLSA Limited - Analyst* John FaucherJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Bill SchmitzDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Joe LachkyWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Alice LongleyBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Javier EscalanteConsumer Edge Research - Analyst* Connie ManeatyBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Lauren LiebermanBarclays Capital - Analyst* Mark AstrachanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Jason GereRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Leigh FerstWellington Shields & Co - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. And is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there might be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson, for opening remarks. Please go
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 9102 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina ThompsonColgate-Palmolive Company - VP of IR* Ian CookColgate-Palmolive Company - Chairman, President & CEOConference Call Participants* Nik ModiUBS - Analyst* Dara MohsenianMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Caroline LevyCLSA Limited - Analyst* Christopher FerraraBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Bill SchmitzDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Bill ChappellSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* Alice LongleyBuckingham Research - Analyst* Javier EscalanteConsumer Edge Research - Analyst* Joe AltobelloOppenheimer & Company - Analyst* Ian GordonS&P Capital IQ - Analyst* Joe LachkyWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Lauren LiebermanBarclays Capital - Analyst* Connie ManeatyBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Ali DibadjBernstein - Analyst* Linda Bolton-WeiserCaris & Company - Analyst* Jason GereRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Jon AndersonWilliam Blair - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Co. second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast at www.ColgatePalmolive.com. Just as a reminder, there will be a slight delay before the question and answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks I'd like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Miss Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, VP OF IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY: (Technical difficulty) Ian Cook, Chairman, President and
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 11957 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company third-quarter 2005 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] At this time, for opening remarks I'd like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investors relations, Bina Thompson. Ms. Thompson, please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Ian Cook, President and COO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; Ed Filusch, Treasurer; and Javier Teruel, Vice Chairman. Our remarks this morning on the third quarter will refer to our results excluding the following items. Our 60.6 million after-tax profit on the sale of our US detergent business. A 29.9 million charge for restructuring. A 36.5 million one-time tax charge related to the American Jobs Creation Act, and a $16.7 million charge for a one-time pension remeasurement as required by FASB. Each of these items was included in the as reported numbers contained in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding these items are included
Colgate-Palmolive	FinalCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP - IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - CEO, Pres, COOConference Call Participants* Joe Altobello Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * William Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Gere RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Christopher Ferrara BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Constance Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Bill Chappell SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Alec Patterson RCM - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Doug Lane Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Linda Bolton-Weiser Caris & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company fourth quarter year end 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question and answer session begins due to the web simulcast.&nbsp;At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to touch the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead,
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 8535 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP, IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - Chairman, Pres. and CEOConference Call Participants* Alice Longley Buckingham Research - Analyst * Joe Altobello Oppenheimer & Company - Analyst * Bill Chappel SunTrust - Analyst * Ali Debash Bernstein - Analyst * Doug Lane Jeffries & Company - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Jason Gere RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Caroline Levy CLSA - Analyst * Linda Bolton-Weiser Caris & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive company first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there might be a slight delay before the question and answer session due to the Web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP,
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 8535 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP, IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - Chairman, Pres. and CEOConference Call Participants* Alice Longley Buckingham Research - Analyst * Joe Altobello Oppenheimer & Company - Analyst * Bill Chappel SunTrust - Analyst * Ali Debash Bernstein - Analyst * Doug Lane Jeffries & Company - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Jason Gere RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Caroline Levy CLSA - Analyst * Linda Bolton-Weiser Caris & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive company first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there might be a slight delay before the question and answer session due to the Web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP,
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 9102 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP, IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - Chairman, CEO, PresidentConference Call Participants* Bill Chappel SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Doug Lane Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Bank of America - Analyst * Joe Altobello Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Ali Debash Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Ed Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Gere RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John Andersno William Blair - Analyst * Unidentfied Participant - Analyst * Linda Bolton Caris & Co. - Analyst * Mark Astrochan Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * John MacMillan Lord Abbett - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Co. second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there will be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 9163 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive Company - SVP - IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive Company - Chairman, President and CEOConference Call Participants* Tim Conder Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Mark Astrachan Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Bill Chappell Suntrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Doug Lane Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Chris Ferrara BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Henry Capellan Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Alec Patterson RCM - Analyst * John San Marco Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * Nik Modi UBS - Analyst * Caroline Levy CLSA Limited - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Jon Andersen William Blair & Company - Analyst * Jason Gere RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * John McMillan Lord Abbett - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company's fourth-quarter and fiscal year end 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 8501 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina ThompsonColgate-Palmolive Co - VP of IR* Ian CookColgate-Palmolive Co - Chairman, President and CEOConference Call Participants* Dara MohsenianMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Nik ModiUBS - Analyst* Wendy NicholsonCitigroup - Analyst* Joe LachkyWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* John FaucherJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;* Ali DibadjSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Bill ChappellSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* Javier EscalanteConsumer Edge Research - Analyst* Jason GereRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Bill SchmitzDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Christopher FerraraBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Alice LongleyBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Lauren LiebermanBarclays Capital - Analyst* Connie ManeatyBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Caroline LevyCLSA Limited - Analyst* Alec PattersonRCM - Analyst* Mark AstrachanStifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company fourth-quarter and fiscal year-end 2012 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast.At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP OF IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE CO: Thank you, Cameron.
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 8779 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina ThompsonColgate-Palmolive Co - SVP - IR* Ian CookColgate-Palmolive Co - Chairman, President and CEOConference Call Participants* Alice LongleyBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Dara MohsenianMorgan Stanley - Analyst* John FaucherJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Javier EscalanteConsumer Edge Research - Analyst* Chris FerraraBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;* Ali DibadjSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Wendy NicholsonCitigroup - Analyst* Joe LachkyWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Jason GereRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Bill ChappellSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* Joe AltobelloOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Ian GordonS&P Capital IQ - Analyst* Bill SchmitzDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Michael SteibCredit Suisse - Analyst* Linda Bolton-WeiserB. Riley & Company - Analyst* Lauren LiebermanBarclays Capital - Analyst* Connie ManeatyBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Jon AndersenWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Mark AstrachanStifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 8689 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP, Investor Relations * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - CEO, PresidentConference Call Participants* Bill Pecoriello Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Nik Modi UBS - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford C. Bernstein & Company - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citigroup - Analyst * Filippe Goossens Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bill Chappell SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Merrill Lynch - Analyst * William Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research - Analyst * Joe Altobello Oppenheimer - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Alec Patterson Dresdner RCM Global Investors - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Jason Gere Wachovia Capital Markets - Analyst * Linda Bolton Weiser Caris - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day. Welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive company second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, there may a slight delay before the question and answer session begins, due to the web simulcast. I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 8542 wordsOPERATOR: Good day. Welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive company second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, there may a slight delay before the question and answer session begins, due to the web simulcast. I would like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Duane. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our second quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results for the second quarter and the first half this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first six months of 2007. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results, excluding the restructuring charges and other items in the second quarter 2007, are included in the press release and the company's financial statements, and are posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about these expectations will also exclude restructuring charges, but during
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 7678 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP-IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - President, CEO & COOConference Call Participants* Nik Modi UBS - Analyst * William Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford C. Bernstein & Company - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citigroup - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Merrill Lynch - Analyst * William Chappell SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital Management - Analyst * Connie Maneati BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Alec Patterson Dresdner RCM Global Investors - Analyst * John Faucher JP Morgan - Analyst * Linda Bolton Weiser Caris & Company - Analyst * Jason Gere Wachovia Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: And welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive third quarter 2008 conference call. Today's call is being recorded, and will be simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, there will be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast.&nbsp;Now at this time I'd like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP-IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Duane, and good morning everybody. And welcome to our third quarter 2008 earnings release
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 9730 wordsCorporate Participants* Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - Chairman, President, CEO * Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP IRConference Call Participants* Bill Chappell SunTrust - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citi - Analyst * Chris Ferarra BAS-ML - Analyst * Joe Altobello Oppenheimer - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Gere RBC Capital Market - Analyst * Linda Bolton Weiser Caris & Company - Analyst * Alec Patterson RCM Global Investors - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Nik Modi UBS - Analyst * Victoria Collin Atlantic Equities - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson.
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 7472 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP, IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - President & CEOConference Call Participants* Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Olivia Tong BAS-ML (Banc of America Securities-Merrill Lynch) - Analyst * Ollie Debash Bernstein - Analyst * Ryan Bennett Barclays Capital - Analyst * Alec Patterson Dresdner RCM Global Investors - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Jason Gere Wells Fargo Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive company third quarter 2009 earnings conference call.&nbsp;Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder there might be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast.At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Mindy, and good morning everybody. Welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call.With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 9146 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina ThompsonColgate-Palmolive Company - Vice President of Investor Relations* Ian CookColgate-Palmolive Co - Chairman, President and CEOConference Call Participants* Ali DibadjSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Alice LongleyBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Joe LachkyWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Wendy NicholsonCitigroup - Analyst* Bill ChappellSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* Javier EscalanteConsumer Edge Research - Analyst* Joe AltobelloOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Chris FerraraBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jason GereRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Bill SchmitzDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Lauren LiebermanBarclays Capital - Analyst* Connie ManeatyBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Caroline LevyCLSA Limited - Analyst* Dara MohsenianJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Jon AndersenWilliam Blair & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded, and is also being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins, due to the Web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VICE PRESIDENT OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY: Thank you,
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 10586 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina ThompsonColgate-Palmolive Company - VP-IR* Ian CookColgate-Palmolive Company - Chairman, President and CEOConference Call Participants* John FaucherJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Ali DibadjSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Wendy NicholsonCitigroup - Analyst* Chris FerraraBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Connie ManeatyBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Javier EscalanteConsumer Edge Group - Analyst* Bill SchmitzDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Linda Bolton-WeiserCaris & Company - Analyst* Joe LachkyWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Alice LongleyBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Lauren LiebermanBarclays Capital - Analyst* Caroline LevyCLSA Limited - Analyst* Jon AndersenWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Nik ModiUBS - Analyst* Mark AstrachanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Jason GereRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* John San MarcoJanney Montgomery Scott - Analyst* Lauren DesantoMorningstar - AnalystPresentationBINA THOMPSON, VP-IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY: (CALL IN PROGRESS) investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and cautionary statements on forward-looking statements. We will discuss organic sales growth excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit margin, operating profit, net income and earnings per share, excluding the impact
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 8822 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina ThompsonColgate-Palmolive Co - SVP, IR* Ian CookColgate-Palmolive Co - Chairman, President and CEOConference Call Participants* Bill SchmitzDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Nik ModiUBS - Analyst* Dara MohsenianMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Sarah MillerSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* Wendy NicholsonCitigroup - Analyst* Caroline Levy&nbsp;CLSA Limited - Analyst* Lauren LiebermanBarclays Capital - Analyst* Javier EscalanteConsumer Edge Research - Analyst* Jason GereRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Ali DibadjSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Connie ManeatyBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Joe LachkyWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Chris FerraraBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Alice LongleyBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* John FaucherJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Linda WeiserCaris & Company - Analyst* Jon AndersenWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Mark AstrachanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Ian GordonS&P Capital IQ - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms.
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 7711 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP IR * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - President, CEOConference Call Participants* Bill Pecoriello Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Amy Chasen Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Filippe Goossens Credit Suisse - Analyst * Nik Modi UBS - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research - Analyst * Unidentified Participant - Analyst * Justin Hott Bear Stearns - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital - Analyst * Lauren Lieberman Lehman Brothers - Analyst * John Faucher JPMorgan - Analyst * Alec Patterson RCM - Analyst * Jason Gere Wachovia - Analyst * Joe Altobello Oppenheimer - Analyst * Neil Gleason Boston Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive company fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, There may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson.
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 7572 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive company fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just a reminder, There may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results of the fourth quarter this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, and the fourth quarter 2006 gain on the sale of the company's household bleach business in Canada. The reported GAAP results with reconciliations to the results excluding the restructuring charges and the prior-year gain on the sale of the Canadian bleach business are included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and are posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.Colgate.com. Comments
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 6874 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. There may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results for the first quarter this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first quarter for 2007. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding the restructuring charges and other items in the first quarter of 2007 are included in the press release and the Company's financial statements and are posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude restructuring charges. But during the Q&A, we will answer any questions including
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 7005 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina Thompson Colgate-Palmolive - VP, Investor Relations * Ian Cook Colgate-Palmolive - President & CEOConference Call Participants* John Faucher JPMorgan - Analyst * Wendy Nicholson Citigroup - Analyst * Bill Pecoriello Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ali Dibadj Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Alice Longley Buckingham Research - Analyst * Filippe Goosens Credit Suisse - Analyst * Chris Ferrara Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Bill Chappell SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Bill Schmitz Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Lauren Liebermen Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Connie Maneaty BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Alec Patterson RCM Global Investors - Analyst * Andrew Sawyer Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jason Gere Wachovia Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. This call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. There may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time, for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter earnings release
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 8909 wordsCorporate Participants* Bina ThompsonColgate-Palmolive Company - SVP of IR* Ian CookColgate-Palmolive Company - Chairman, President and CEOConference Call Participants* Chris FerraraWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Dara MohsenianMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ian GordonS&P Capital IQ - Analyst* Caroline LevyCLSA Limited - Analyst* John Faucher&nbsp;JPMorgan - Analyst* Bill SchmitzDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Bill ChappellSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* Ali DibadjSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Mark AstrachanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Joe AltobelloOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Michael SteibCredit Suisse - Analyst* Alice LongleyBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Lauren LiebermanBarclays Capital - Analyst* Olivia TongBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Connie ManeatyBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Jason EnglishGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.Colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins, due to the Web simulcast.At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, SVP OF IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, and welcome to our third-quarter earnings release
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 8859 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company fourth quarter and year-end 2006 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there will be a slight delay before the question and answer session, before the question and answer session begins due to the web simulcast.At this time for opening remarks, I'd like to turn the program over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thanks, Millicent. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO, Ian Cook, President and COO, Steve Patrick, CFO, and Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller.&nbsp;First we will discuss our results for the fourth quarter and full year this morning excluding after-tax charges related to the 2004 Restructuring Program and incremental stock compensation charges due to the adoption of FASB 123R, as well as a gain in the fourth quarter on the previously announced sale of our household bleach business in Canada, which was entirely offset by restructuring charges. These items were included in the reported numbers contained
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 11080 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's calling is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question and answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thanks, Robby. Good morning, everybody. And welcome to our first quarter 2007 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Reuben Mark, Chairman and CEO; Ian Cook, President and COO and soon to be CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer.&nbsp;We will discuss the results for the first quarter this morning excluding charges related to the 2004 restructuring program, as well as three other items consisting of; a gain in the first quarter on the previously announced sale of our Latin American bleach business, a charge related to the limited voluntary recall of certain Hills Pet Nutrition feline products, and an income tax benefit consisting primarily of the reduction of the tax
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 10013 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive Company second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the Web simulcast.And now at this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Dustin, and good morning, everybody. And welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results for the second quarter this morning, excluding charges related to the 2004 restructuring program. The reported GAAP results, with reconciliations to the results excluding restructuring charges, are included in the press release and the accompanying financial statements, and are posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude restructuring charges. And during the Q&A we will answer any questions including or excluding these items as
Colgate-Palmolive	LENGTH: 6536 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to today's Colgate-Palmolive Company third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and is being simulcast live at www.colgate.com. Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VICE PRESIDENT OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thanks, Sheila. Good morning, everybody and before I get started with my remarks I think you all know that one of our core values is continuous improvement at Colgate, and we're trying to make our call more efficient. So, today we are going to limit questions to one question per person, and if you have a follow-up, we will ask you to get back into the queue. And when we say one question, we don't mean multi-part questions, we mean one question. Anyway, good morning, and welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call.&nbsp;With me this morning, are Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10763 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning everyone, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips First-Quarter 2004 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Clayton Reasor.Please go ahead, sir.CLAYTON REASOR, DIRECTOR, IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Good afternoon and welcome to ConocoPhillips First-Quarter 2004 Earnings Conference Call. I'm here today with Jim Mulva our President and CEO, and John Carrig, Executive Vice President Finance and CFO.During today's conference call, we will be referring to presentation material which will help us describe first- quarter activities and increase the amount of disclosure and financial transparency. This should allow you to understand better our performance during this period. These slides are available at our Web site, conocophillips.com, and it will be useful for you to have access to them.&nbsp;Those of you on our e mail list should have received a link earlier this morning, and if you haven't received the slides and would like to be put on our distribution list, please let us know.On page 2 of the material you can see &quot;Safe Harbor&quot; language which states that in response to questions and in
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 8349 wordsCorporate Participants* Gary Russell ConocoPhillips - General Manager IR * Jim Mulva ConocoPhillips - Chairman and CEO * John Carrig ConocoPhillips - President and COO * Sig Cornelius ConocoPhillips - SVP, Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Flannery Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Co. - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Erik Mielke Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutche Bank - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * Doug Leggate Howard Weil - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips fourth-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, GENERAL MANAGER IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Jen, and welcome to everybody on our fourth-quarter conference call. Joining
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 7422 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP Corp. Affairs * John Carrig ConocoPhillips - President, COO * Sig Cornelius ConocoPhillips - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Flannery Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark Company - Analyst * Erik Mielke Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Company - Analyst * Doug Leggate Howard Weil - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ConocoPhillips first-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.&nbsp;CLAYTON REASOR, VP CORP. AFFAIRS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks. I'd like to welcome everybody to our conference call this morning. It's great to be back in IR. I look forward to working with all of you and just
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10161 wordsCorporate Participants* Ellen DeSanctisConocoPhillips - VP of IR & Communications* Ryan LanceConocoPhillips - CEO & Chairman* Jeff SheetsConocoPhillips - EVP of Finance & CFO* Matt FoxConocoPhillips - EVP of Exploration & ProductionConference Call Participants* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* John HerrlinSociete Generale - Analyst* Scott HanoldRBC Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Kate MinyardJPMorgan Securities Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Q2 2013 ConocoPhillips earnings call. My name is Sheri, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, the Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Ellen, you may begin.ELLEN DESANCTIS, VP OF IR & COMMUNICATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you so much, Sheri, and of course, thank you to our listeners for joining the second-quarter earnings call. I'm joined in the room today by Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and CFO, and Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 7410 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the ConocoPhillips fourth-quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations.GARY RUSSELL, GENERAL MANAGER, IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS COMPANY: Good morning, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips fourth-quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and CFO. During today's call, we will be referring to presentation material which will help us more fully discuss our fourth-quarter financial and operating performance. This presentation is designed to give you a better understanding of the factors that had a significant impact on the quarter's results and can be found on our website, ConocoPhillips.com.Also on page two, you can see and read our Safe Harbor statement. It says, among other things, that in response to your questions and in our prepared remarks, we will be making forward-looking statements. The actual results may differ materially from those that we expect today. You can find a list of items that could cause these
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 11244 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ConocoPhillips first-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Jen, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now hand the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Gary Russell, general manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.&nbsp;GARY RUSSELL, GM IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Jen and good morning and welcome to ConocoPhillips' first-quarter conference call. I am here with Jim Mulva, our chairman and chief executive officer and John Carrig, our executive vice president of Finance and chief financial officer. During the call today, we will be using presentation material that will help us explain the financial and operating performance of our Company during the first quarter this year, as well as our updated plans for the remainder of the year. As you know, we have extended the call beyond the normal 60 minutes for this first quarter. Jim's remarks will last approximately 45 minutes and then the remainder
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10874 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips second-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. If at anytime during the call, you require assistance, please press * followed by 0 and a coordinator will be happy to assist you. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, GM, INVESTOR RELATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Jen. Good morning and welcome to ConocoPhillips second-quarter earnings conference call. I'm joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as well as John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. The presentation material that we will use today will help us explain the financial and operating performance of our company during the second quarter of this year. You can find this presentation on our Web site, www.conocophillips.com.&nbsp;On page 2 you will find our Safe Harbor statement. This statement, among other things, says that our presentation today,
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10071 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ConocoPhillips third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I will now hand the call over to your host for today's call, Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, GM OF IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Jen. And welcome to everyone on the call to ConocoPhillips third quarter earnings conference call. I am joined here today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. The presentation material that we'll go through today will help us explain the financial and operating performance of ConocoPhillips in the third quarter of this year. You can find the presentation on our Web site, ConocoPhillips.com.&nbsp;If you will turn to page 2, you'll find our Safe Harbor statement. It basically says that the presentation today and the responses that we give to your questions will include forward-looking statements about our current expectations, and
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 9002 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Conoco-Phillips second-quarter earnings teleconference call. At this time, all sites are in a listen-only mode and will remain muted until the Q&A portion of today's call, at which time I will prompt the audience on how you may register your sites for a question.To get us started this morning, I'm pleased to turn the floor over to General Manager of Investor Relations for Conoco-Phillips, Mr. Clayton Reasor. Go ahead, please.CLAYTON REASOR, IR GENERAL MANAGER, CONOCO-PHILLIPS: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Conoco-Phillips' second-quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, John Carrig, EVP of Finance and CFO. Also here is Gary Russell (ph), the new GM of IR. It's been a pleasure to have had the opportunity to work with the analyst community over the last four years, and I'm sure Gary will enjoy it as much as I have.&nbsp;During today's call, we will be referring to presentation material which will help us more fully discuss the second-quarter financial and operating performance. This presentation is designed to give you better understanding of the factors that have had a significant impact on
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 9977 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP of Corporate & IR * Jim Mulva ConocoPhillips - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Doug Leggate Bank of America - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Company - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark Company - Analyst * Doug Terreson ISI - Analyst * Blake Fernandez Howard Weil - Analyst * Faisel Khan Citigroup - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips third-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.&nbsp;CLAYTON REASOR, VP OF CORPORATE & IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you. And thanks for, everybody on the line, your interest in ConocoPhillips and our third-quarter conference
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 7813 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentleman, and welcome to ConocoPhillips Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If any one should require assistance during the conference, please press &quot;*&quot; then &quot;0&quot; on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Clayton Reasor, General Manager of Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.&nbsp;CLAYTON REASOR, GENERAL MANAGER OF INVESTOR RELATIONS., CONOCOPHILLIPS: Good morning and welcome to the ConocoPhillips third quarter 2004 earnings conference call. I am here today with Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO and John Carrig, Executive Vice President, Finance and CFO. During today's conference call we will be referring to presentation material which will help us describe third quarter financial performance and hopefully give you a better understanding of the factors that impacted our results. This material is available on our internet site conocophilps.com and will be useful for you to have during Jim's prepared remarks. On page 2, you can read our safe harbor statement. [We provide] that
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 9667 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the ConocoPhillips fourth-quarter earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Clayton Reasor, General Manager of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.CLAYTON REASOR, GENERAL MANAGER, IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Good morning and welcome to ConocoPhillips fourth-quarter earnings conference call. I'm here this morning with Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, along with John Carrig, EVP Finance and CFO.During today's call we will be referring to presentation material which will help us more fully describe fourth-quarter financial and operating performance, and hopefully give you a better understanding of the factors that had significant influence on our results. This presentation material is available on our website, ConocoPhillips.com, and will be useful for you to have during Jim's initial comments.&nbsp;On page 2 you can read the Safe Harbor statement, which lets you know that in response to questions and in our prepared remarks we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 8318 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhilips first-quarter earnings teleconference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode, and will remain muted until the Q&A portion of today's call, at which time I will prompt the audience on how you may register your site for a question.Joining us today, we have Mr. Jim Mulva, Chairman and CEO, as well as EVP and CFO, John Carrig. And to get us started this morning, I am pleased to turn the floor over to General Manager of Investor Relations for ConocoPhilips, Mr. Clayton Reasor. Go ahead, sir.CLAYTON REASOR, DIRECTOR IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, and welcome to ConocoPhilips' first-quarter earnings conference call. I am here today with Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, and John Carrig, the EVP of Finance and CFO.&nbsp;During today's call, we will be referring to presentation material which will help us more fully discuss first-quarter financial and operating performance. This presentation is designed to give you a better understanding of the factors that have had a significant impact on this quarter's results. You can find a presentation on our website, conocophilips.com.On page two, you can see and
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10339 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP of Corporate and Investor Relations * Jeff Sheets ConocoPhillips - SVP of Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Kate Minyard JPMorgan - Analyst * Doug Terreson ISI - Analyst * Jacques Rousseau RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Doug Leggate BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Blake Fernandez Howard Weill - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Faisel Khan Citigroup - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Iain Reid Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * John Herrlin Societe Generale - Analyst * Pavel Malchanov Raymond James - Analyst * Hernon Liddell CLSA - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the first-quarter 2011 ConocoPhillips earning conference call. My name is Kim, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.CLAYTON REASOR, VP OF CORPORATE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS:
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 9927 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP Corporate and Investor Relations * Jeff Sheets ConocoPhillips - SVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Terreson ISI - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Iain Reid Jefferies - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Doug Leggate Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Philip Weiss Argus Research - Analyst * Blake Fernandez Howard Weill - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the second-quarter 2011 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Kim, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President Corporate and Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.CLAYTON REASOR, VP CORPORATE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Kim. Good morning and welcome to ConocoPhillips' second-quarter earnings conference call. We appreciate your interest in our Company.I am joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer. As we normally do, we will provide a
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 9291 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton ReasorConocoPhillips - VP, Corporate & Investor Relations* Jeff SheetsConocoPhillips - SVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Arjun MurtiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Robert KesslerTudor, Pickering & Holt - Analyst* Blake FernandezHoward Weil Incorporated - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James & Associates - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Q1 2012 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Kim, and I will be your Operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.CLAYTON REASOR, VP, CORPORATE & INVESTOR RELATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Kim. Well, good morning, and welcome to ConocoPhillips's first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call -- our final conference call as an integrated Company. Today, we will focus on key financial and operating results for the first quarter, as well as our outlook for the remainder of
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10954 wordsCorporate Participants* Ellen DeSanctisConocoPhillips - VP Investor Relations & Communications* Ryan LanceConocoPhillips - Chairman, CEO* Jeff SheetsConocoPhillips - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Arjun MurtiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Blake Fernandez&nbsp;Howard Weil Incorporated - Analyst* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Q2 2012 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Kim and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. Ms. DeSanctis, you may begin.ELLEN DESANCTIS, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS & COMMUNICATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Kim, and good morning to everybody. Again, thank you for joining us on this ConocoPhillips second quarter earnings call. I'm in the room today with Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO; and Jeff Sheets, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. And before I turn the conference over to those
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 8966 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third-quarter ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Jen, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. If at any time during the call you require assistance, please press star followed by zero, and a coordinator will be happy to assist you.I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Gary Russell, general manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, GENERAL MGR. IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Jen.&nbsp;Good morning and welcome to the ConocoPhillips third-quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Jim Mulva, our chairman and CEO, and John Carrig, EVP of Finance and CFO.During today's call, we will be referring to presentation material which will help us more fully discuss our third-quarter financial and operating performance. This presentation is designed to give you a better understanding of the factors that had a significant impact on this quarter's results and can be found on our Web site, conocophillips.com.Now, on Page 2 you can see and read our Safe Harbor
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 12717 wordsCorporate Participants * Gary Russell ConocoPhillips - General Manager of IR * Jim Mulva ConocoPhillips - Chairman, CEO * John Carrig ConocoPhillips - CFO, EVPConference Call Participants * Doug Terreson Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael LaMotte JPMorgan - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Nikki Decker Bear Stearns - Analyst * Paul Cheng Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * Bernie Picchi Wall Street Access - Analyst * Erik Mielke Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentation--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Operator [1]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips' first-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. &nbsp;My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Gary Russell, ConocoPhillips - General Manager of IR [2]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Thanks, Jen, and good morning to everyone who's participating on the conference call; we welcome you, we're glad that you're here. With me today Jim Mulva, our Chairman
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10260 wordsCorporate Participants * Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP of Corporate Affairs * Sig Cornelius ConocoPhillips - SVP of Finance and CFOConference Call Participants * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Evan Calio Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Flannery Credit Suisse - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Doug Leggate Howard Weil - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie Research Equities - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Co. - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - AnalystPresentation--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Operator [1]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second-quarter 2009 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. &nbsp;My name is Keisha and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Clayton Reasor, ConocoPhillips - VP of Corporate Affairs [2]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Thank you, Keisha. Good morning to everybody and welcome to
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 13754 wordsCorporate Participants * Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP, Corporate Affairs * Sig Cornelius ConocoPhillips - Senior VP, Finance & CFO * Jim Mulva ConocoPhillips - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants * Doug Terreson - Analyst * Robert Kessler - Analyst * Mark Flannery - Analyst * Paul Sankey - Analyst * Neil McMahon - Analyst * Jason Gammel - Analyst * Arjun Murti - Analyst * Mark Gilman - Analyst * Paul Cheng - Analyst * Evan Calio - Analyst * Blake Fernandez - AnalystPresentation--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Operator [1]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third-quarter 2009 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. &nbsp;(Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Clayton Reasor, ConocoPhillips - VP, Corporate Affairs [2]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good morning and welcome to our third-quarter earnings conference call. I'm joined this morning by Jim Mulva, ConocoPhillips' chairman and CEO, and Sig Cornelius, senior vice president Finance and chief financial officer. As we have done in the past, there is presentation material we will refer to as part of our prepared remarks, and you can find the information on our Web site. We will begin
ConocoPhillips	FinalCorporate Participants* Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP of Corporate AffairsConference Call Participants* Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Doug Terreson ISI - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Company - Analyst * Blake Fernandez Howard Weil - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie - Analyst * Doug Leggate BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Ryan Todd Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth-quarter 2009 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference, at which time you may participate (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed, sir.CLAYTON REASOR, VP OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Antoine. Good morning, and welcome to ConocoPhillips' fourth-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today, I will be focusing on the Company's results for the quarter, using material you can find on the web.And during the presentation, I will refer to adjusted earnings, which are -- reconciliation to adjusted earnings can be found in the appendix of our
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10086 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP, Corporate Affairs * Jim Mulva ConocoPhillips - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants* Doug Terreson ISI - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie Research - Analyst * Doug Leggate Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jacques Rousseau RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Blake Fernandez Howard Weil - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2010 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Chris and I will be your operator for today.&nbsp;At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.CLAYTON REASOR, VP, CORPORATE AFFAIRS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Chris, and thanks everybody for participating in our first-quarter conference call. I am joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10086 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP, Corporate Affairs * Jim Mulva ConocoPhillips - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants* Doug Terreson ISI - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie Research - Analyst * Doug Leggate Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jacques Rousseau RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Blake Fernandez Howard Weil - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2010 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Chris and I will be your operator for today.&nbsp;At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.CLAYTON REASOR, VP, CORPORATE AFFAIRS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Chris, and thanks everybody for participating in our first-quarter conference call. I am joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10086 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP, Corporate Affairs * Jim Mulva ConocoPhillips - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants* Doug Terreson ISI - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie Research - Analyst * Doug Leggate Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jacques Rousseau RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Blake Fernandez Howard Weil - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2010 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Chris and I will be your operator for today.&nbsp;At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate Affairs. Please proceed.CLAYTON REASOR, VP, CORPORATE AFFAIRS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Chris, and thanks everybody for participating in our first-quarter conference call. I am joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10713 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP Corporate and Investor Relations * Jim Mulva ConocoPhillips - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Doug Terreson ISI Group - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark Company - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie Research - Analyst * Edward Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Cheng BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Philip Weiss Argus Research - Analyst * John Herrlin Societe Generale - Analyst * Jacques Rousseau RBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips second-quarter 2010 earnings conference call hosted by Jim Mulva, Chairman and CEO, and Clayton Reasor, Vice President Corporate and Investor Relations.&nbsp;My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to hand the presentation over to your host, Mr. Clayton Reasor. Please proceed, sir.CLAYTON REASOR, VP CORPORATE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you. Thank you, everybody,
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 8363 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton Reasor ConocoPhillips - VP, Corporate Affairs * Jeff Sheets ConocoPhillips - SVP, Finance & CFOConference Call Participants* Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Doug Terreson ISI Group - Analyst * John Herrlin Societe Generale - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Philip Weiss Argus Research - Analyst * Iain Reid Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Faisel Khan Citi - Analyst * Blake Fernandez Howard Weil - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth-quarter 2010 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Regina and I will be your operator for today.&nbsp;At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's event, Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. You may proceed, sir.CLAYTON REASOR, VP, CORPORATE AFFAIRS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Good morning and welcome to ConocoPhillips fourth-quarter earnings conference call. Let me begin by thanking you for your interest in
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 12239 wordsCorporate Participants* Ellen DeSanctisConocoPhillips - VP, IR and Communications* Ryan LanceConocoPhillips - Chairman and CEO* Jeff SheetsConocoPhillips - EVP and CFO* Matt FoxConocoPhillips - EVP Exploraton and ProductionConference Call Participants* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Kate MinyardJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* John HerrlinSociete Generale - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Q4 2012 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.ELLEN DESANCTIS, VP, IR AND COMMUNICATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Christine, and good morning to all our participants today. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2012 conference call. Today, you will be hearing from three of our executives. Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO, will make some brief opening and closing comments to cover the full year 2012 results
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 9510 wordsCorporate Participants* Ellen DeSanctisConocoPhillips - VP of IR and Communications* Jeff SheetsConocoPhillips - EVP of Finance and CFO* Matt FoxConocoPhillips - EVP of Exploraton and ProductionConference Call Participants* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Rakesh AdvaniCredit Suisse - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Doug Leggate&nbsp;BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Blake FernandezHoward Weil Incorporated - Analyst* Brandon MeiTudor Pickering - Analyst* Roger ReadWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Q1 2013 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.ELLEN DESANCTIS, VP OF IR AND COMMUNICATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Christine and thank you to all of our listeners for joining this earnings call today. As usual we'll review the results for the past quarter and we'll provide quite a bit of outlook for the coming quarters this year. It's a big year, as I think you
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 9515 wordsCorporate Participants* Gary Russell ConocoPhillips - IR * Jim Mulva ConocoPhillips - Chairman and CEO * John Carrig ConocoPhillips - President and COO * Sig Cornelius ConocoPhillips - SVP, Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Robert Kessler Simmons & Company - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Michael Lamotte JPMorgan - Analyst * Erik Mielke Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips third-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions)&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Jen. Welcome to everybody on the call this morning to the third-quarter conference call for ConocoPhillips. Joining me today is Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Carrig, our President and Chief
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 8987 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton ReasorConocoPhillips - VP- Corporate, IR* Jeff SheetsConocoPhillips - SVP- Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jacques RousseauRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Arjun MurtiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* John HerrlinSociete Generale - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Mark GilmanThe Benchmark Company - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Evan CalioMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ann KohlerCRT Capital Group - Analyst* Philip WeissArgus Research Company - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Q3 2011 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Kim, and I will be your Operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.CLAYTON REASOR, VP- CORPORATE, IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you. Well, good morning and welcome to ConocoPhillips' third-quarter earnings conference call. We appreciate your interest in the Company. I'm joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and our
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10009 wordsCorporate Participants* Clayton ReasorConocoPhillips - VP of Corporate and IR* Jeff SheetsConocoPhillips - SVP, Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Arjun MurtiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Blake FernandezHoward Weil Incorporated - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Mark GilmanThe Benchmark Company - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Philip WeissArgus Research Company - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Evan CalioMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the fourth quarter ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Kim and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Vice President of Corporate and Investor Relations. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.CLAYTON REASOR, VP OF CORPORATE AND IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Great. Good morning. Welcome to ConocoPhillips's fourth quarter earnings conference call. We appreciate your interest in our company.I'm joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and our CFO. This morning, we will provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the fourth
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10430 wordsCorporate Participants* Ellen DeSanctisConocoPhillips - VP of IR & Communications* Ryan LanceConocoPhillips - CEO & Chairman* Jeff SheetsConocoPhillips - EVP, Finance and CFO* Matt FoxConocoPhillips - EVP of Exploration and ProductionConference Call Participants* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Douglas TerresonISI Group - Analyst* John HerrlinSociete Generale - Analyst&nbsp;* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Blake FernandezHoward Weil Incorporated - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James & Associates - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Q3 2012 ConocoPhillips Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kim, and I will be your operator for today's call.At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to Ms. Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President Investor Relations and Communications. Ms. DeSanctis, you may begin.ELLEN DESANCTIS, VP OF IR & COMMUNICATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you Kim, and good afternoon everybody. Welcome to the ConocoPhillips Third Quarter Earnings Call.Today you are going to hear from three of our senior executives. Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO, will cover the third quarter highlights and provide an update on
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 8466 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ConocoPhillips fourth-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, GM, IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Jen, and welcome to everyone to our conference call this morning for the fourth quarter of 2007. Joining me this morning is Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.The presentation that we are going to be going through this morning has been prepared to help you understand more fully the financial and operating results of the company during the fourth quarter of 2007. You can find this presentation and access it on our Web site, conocophillips.com.&nbsp;On page 2, you are familiar with our Safe Harbor statement. It essentially says that during our presentation today, and in answering your questions that you might have, that we will be
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 9081 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips' first-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, GENERAL MANAGER OF IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Jen, and good morning to everyone who's participating on the conference call; we welcome you, we're glad that you're here. With me today Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and John Carrig, Executive Vice President of Finance and our CFO, are here with me today.Jim is going to be taking you through a presentation that we believe will help you understand more fully the financial and operating performance of the Company during the first quarter of this year. The presentation, as always, you can find on our website, www.ConocoPhillips.com.&nbsp;If you please turn to page 2, our normal cautionary statement, basically says that during the presentation this morning and in answering your questions, we will be making forward-looking
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 8300 wordsCorporate Participants* Gary Russell ConocoPhillips - General Manager IR * Jim Mulva ConocoPhillips - Chairman, CEO * John Carrig ConocoPhillips - EVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Michael LaMotte JPMorgan - Analyst * Paul Cheng Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Katy Raven Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark Company - Analyst * Erik Mielke Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips second-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions)&nbsp;I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, GENERAL MANAGER IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Jen, and welcome to all who have joined us on the earnings conference call for ConocoPhillips for the second quarter of 2008. I have with me today Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President, Finance, and CFO. Jim will be taking us through
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 8218 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips second-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions)I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, GENERAL MANAGER IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Jen, and welcome to all who have joined us on the earnings conference call for ConocoPhillips for the second quarter of 2008. I have with me today Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President, Finance, and CFO. Jim will be taking us through a slide presentation that has been prepared to help you understand the financial and operating performance of the Company during the second quarter of this year.&nbsp;This presentation, along with other supplemental information can be found on our website, www.conocophillips.com.If you turn to page 2 now, you'll see our Safe Harbor statement. This statement simply says that there will be forward-looking statements made during our presentation today and the conference call, and
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10809 wordsCorporate Participants* Ellen DeSanctisConocoPhillips - VP IR and Communications* Jeff SheetsConocoPhillips - EVP Finance and CFO* Matt FoxConocoPhillips - EVP Exploraton and ProductionConference Call Participants* Edward WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Douglas TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Scott HanoldRBC Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* John HerrlinSociete Generale - Analyst* Roger ReadWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Kate MinyardJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* Brandon MeiTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. - Analyst* Blake FernandezHoward Weil Incorporated - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Q3 2013 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call.(Operator Instructions)Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ellen DeSanctis, Vice President Investor Relations and Communications. You may begin.ELLEN DESANCTIS, VP IR AND COMMUNICATIONS, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Christine. Thanks to all of our participants and a big welcome to our third-quarter earnings call. Joining me today in the room are Jeff Sheets, our EVP of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer, and Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and Production. We'll begin our prepared remarks in
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 9660 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips fourth-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Gen, and welcome to everyone who is on the conference call today for ConocoPhillips' fourth-quarter 2006 results. With me today are Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. The presentation material that we use today is going to help us explain the financial and operating performance of our company during the fourth quarter of 2006, and you can find this presentation on our website -- www.ConocoPhillips.com.&nbsp;On page 2 of the presentation you'll find our Safe Harbor statement; it basically says that our presentation and the responses to your questions today will include forward-looking statements about our current expectations. Actual results may differ materially from our current expectations and
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 8508 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. My name is Jen, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.&nbsp;GARY RUSSELL, IR MANAGER, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Jen, and welcome to everyone on the conference call this morning. Joining today is Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer along with John Carrig, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to be going through some material today that will help us review the financial and operating performance of the company during the first quarter of 2007. You'll find the presentation for your use on our Web site at www.conocophillips.com. Now on page 2 of the presentation this morning you'll find our Safe Harbor statement. It basically says that the presentation and our response to your questions today will include
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 10896 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ConocoPhillips second-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. My name is Jen and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I will now turn the presentation over to Mr. Gary Russell, General Manager of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, GENERAL MANAGER, IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Jen. Let me welcome everybody on the conference call and the webcast this morning to our second-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Joining me today is Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, along with John Carrig, our Executive Vice President, Finance and CFO.We have prepared presentation material that will follow that will help us explain and review the financial operating performance of the company during the second quarter of this year. You can find this presentation on our Web site, www.conocophillips.com.&nbsp;If you turn to page 2, you will find our Safe Harbor statement. This statement indicates that the presentation today along with the responses to your questions will contain forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations. The
ConocoPhillips	LENGTH: 9301 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for your patience, and welcome to the third-quarter 2007 ConocoPhillips earnings conference call. My name is Bill, and I will be your conference coordinator for today.At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be conducting a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's presentation, Mr. Gary Russell, general manager, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GARY RUSSELL, GENERAL MANAGER IR, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Bill, and welcome to everybody to ConocoPhillips' third-quarter earnings conference call. I'm joined by Jim Mulva, our chairman and chief executive officer, along with John Carrig, our executive vice president of finance and chief financial officer.The presentation that will follow has been prepared to help us review the financial and operating performance of the company during the third quarter of this year. You can find this presentation on our Web site, www.conocophillips.com.&nbsp;If you will turn to page 2, it is our normal cautionary statement. It indicates that in the presentation today, along with the responses to the questions that you have today, forward statements will be
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 11572 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Melissa and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers's remarks, there will be a question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star then number 1 on your telephone key pad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. It is my pleasure to turn today's call over to Mr. Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you and good morning to everyone. This morning I would like to review with you several items, of course. To begin with, second quarter fiscal 2004 operating results for the 12 week period ended February 15. For the quarter we came in at 48 cents a share, up 9 cents a share, or 23%, over last year's second quarter. Of course, last year's second quarter results included a 3 cents per share after tax hit to earnings to increase our
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 11997 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Mary Ann and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I could like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale corporation quarter three earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question, during this time simply press star then the number 1 on the telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you.I would now like to turn the conference over to Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer for Costco Wholesale Corporation. Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, AND DIRECTOR, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Mary Ann. And good morning to everyone. This morning as usual, I would like to review several items, to begin with our 12-week third quarter fiscal 2004 operating results. This is the period that ended May 9. Needless to say, it was a great quarter. We came in 42 cents a sharem or up 9 cents a share from last year's reported earnings of 33 cents a share. At
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 12759 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - CFOConference Call Participants* Deborah Weinswig Citi - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies - Analyst * Charles Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Robert Drbul Barclays Capital - Analyst * Uta Werner Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Peter Benedict Wachovia - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Rachel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)&nbsp;I would now like to introduce Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, please go ahead.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Rachel. Good morning. This morning's press release reviews our first quarter fiscal 2009 operating results for the 12 weeks which ended November 23. As with that recall, let me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 12280 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - CFO, Executive VPConference Call Participants* Charles Grom J.P. Morgan - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bob Drbul Barclays Capital - Analyst * Daniel Hofkin William Blair - Analyst * Daniel Binder Jefferies - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Sandra Barker Montag and Caldwell - Analyst * Teresa Donahue Neuberger Berman - Analyst * Michael Eckstein Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Chastity and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale second quarter earnings and sales conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, EXECUTIVE VP, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Good morning to everyone. This morning's press release reviews our second quarter fiscal 2009 operating results for 12 weeks ended this past February 15th, and our four weeks February sales results for the four weeks ended this past Sunday, March 1.As with every
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 13559 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - CFOConference Call Participants* Charles Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citi - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Robert Drbul Barclays Capital - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Mark Miller William Blair - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Andy Wagstaff Touchstone Investments - Analyst * Wayne Hood BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Chuck Cerancosky North Coast Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Brandy and I will be your conference operator today. A this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco third quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Richard Galanti, CFO, please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you. Good morning to everyone. This morning's press release reviewed our third quarter fiscal 2009 operating results for the 12 weeks ended May 10. As with every conference call I'll start by stating that the discussions we
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 11586 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard GalantiCostco Wholesale Corporation - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Deborah WeinswigCitigroup - Analyst* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst* Paul TrussellDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Sandra BarkerMontag & Caldwell - Analyst* Joe FeldmanTelsey Advisory Group - Analyst* Chris HorversJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Dan BinderJefferies & Company - Analyst&nbsp;* Mark MillerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Brian NagelOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Jason De RyesEPS - Analyst* Bob DrbulBarclays Capital - Analyst* Sean NaughtonPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Peter BenedictRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Angela and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the third quarter FY '13 operating results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)Mr. Richard Galanti, CFO, you may begin.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Angela. Good morning to everyone. This morning's Press Release reviews our third quarter operating results for the 12 weeks ended May 12. As with every call let me start by stating that the discussions we're
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 13975 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale Corporation fiscal 2006 second quarter earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Thank you, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Good morning to everyone. As with every conference call, I'll start by stating that these discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's press release as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements, and reports filed with the SEC.&nbsp;This morning, as usual, I'd like to review with you several items, to begin with our 12-week second quarter fiscal 2006 operating results. First, please recall that in last year's -- last fiscal year's second quarter while we reported earnings per share of $0.62, as I will explain in a moment excluding
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 9847 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Crystal, and I will be your conference operator today.At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale Corporation's conference call to discuss third quarter earnings and May sales results.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning to everyone.&nbsp;As with every conference call, I'll start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's press release as well as other risks identified form time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.This morning, as usual, I'd like to review with you several items. To begin
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 14026 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Amy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale fiscal 2006 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] On today's call we have Mr. Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Jim Sinegal, President. Thank you, Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Amy, good morning to everyone. This morning's press release covers two major items, our fourth quarter and fiscal 2006 year end operating results, and the results of our review by the special committee and independent board members of our historical stock option procedures. As with every call let me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 12034 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the fiscal 2005 and fourth quarter conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the call over to Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer of Costco Wholesale Corporation. You may begin your call, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Good morning to everyone. This morning's press release covers three major items, our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2005 operating results, our September 5 week sales results, and our announcement of an increase in our authorization to buy back our common stock.As with every conference call let me start by stating that the discussions we're having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And that the statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call and press release, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.&nbsp;To begin with our sixteen week fourth quarter of fiscal 2005 operating
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 15473 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Charles Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Robbie Ohmes Banc of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Peter Benedict Robert W Baird - Analyst * Joe Parkhill Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Miller William Blair - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Sanford C Bernstein - Analyst * Laura Champine Cowen and Company - Analyst * Gregory Melich ISI Group - Analyst * Chuck Cerankosky Northcoast Research - Analyst * Diana Katz Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Lloyd Zeitman Bernstein Investment Research and Management - Analyst * Joe Feldman Telsey Advisory Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Ashley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth quarter and year-to-date results and September sales release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr Galanti, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;RICHARD GALANTI,
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 10739 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - CFOConference Call Participants* Tina Wang Citigroup - Analyst * Charles Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Wiltmuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Miller William Blair & Company - Analyst * Bob Drbul Barclays Capital - Analyst * Rob Simone Cowen and Company - Analyst * Mike Montoni ISI Group - Analyst * Neil Currie UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Debbie, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco first quarter results. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you.&nbsp;Mr. Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer, please go ahead.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning to everyone. This morning's press release reviews our first quarter fiscal 2011 operating results for the 12-weeks that ended November 21.As with every conference call, I'll start by stating that the discussions we're having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And that these
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 11057 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Maryann, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale Corporation's first-quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Maryann, and good morning to everyone. To begin with, our 12-week first-quarter operating results. Briefly we came in at 40 cents a share, up 6 cents over last year's first quarter of 34 cents a share. These results are at the top end of our guidance that we gave back a few months ago and in line with current First Call consensus of 40 cents.As I will review with you later in this discussion, this quarter's 40 cents figure was negatively impacted with a charge of approximately $6.5 million or 1 cent per share, which is our estimated retention cost of the four hurricanes in Florida this past fall. This past fall most of it related to Hurricane Jeanne. Excluding this charge, EPS would have been 41 cents, up 21 percent from last year's 34 cents.&nbsp;In terms of sales for the quarter, our 12-week comp store sales figures
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 11556 wordsOPERATOR: Please stand by for Costco conference call.Good morning, my name is April and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a Q&A period. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]At this time I would now like to turn the conference over to Richard Galanti. Please go, ahead, sir.&nbsp;RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Good morning. This morning as usual I would like to remember review with you several items, our 12-week second quarter fiscal 2005 operating results. Briefly, while we reported EPS of $0.62 for the second quarter, and as I will explain excluding a couple of non-recurring items, the aggregate of which added about $0.08 per share to our earnings, we came in excluding that, at $0.54 per share, up $0.06 or 13 percent over last year's second quarter EPS. These results are within the range of our previous guidance for Q2 given to you on the December 9, first quarter conference call.I might also add that on a pretax income as a percent of
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 12240 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Meredith and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale Corporation quarter three earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Thank you.I would now like to turn the conference over to Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, EVP, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Meredith, and good morning to everyone. As usual, I'd like to review with you several items. To begin with, our 12-week third quarter fiscal 2005 operating results, this is for the 12 weeks ended May 8th. Briefly, we reported earnings per share of $0.43 for the third quarter, at the high end of our recently revised guidance of $0.41 to $0.43, and $0.01 above current First Call of $0.42. These results were up 6% on a net income basis and up about 2.6% on an EPS basis.&nbsp;I should mention that last year's third quarter results included a $12.2 million pretax real-estate gain from some real-estate sales. Excluding these gains, net income was up
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 12757 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Robbie Ohmes BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Chuck Cerankosky Northcoast Research - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citi - Analyst * Laura Champine Cowen and Company - Analyst * Gregory Melich ISI Group - Analyst * Peter Benedict Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Bob Drbul Barclays Capital - Analyst * Michael Exstein Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Demetris and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the third-quarter and year-to-date operating results for FY 2011.&nbsp;All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP & CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Demetris. Good morning to everyone. This morning's press release reviews our third-quarter 2011 operating results for the 12 weeks ended May 8.As with every conference call, I will start by stating that the discussions we
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 11361 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard GalantiCostco Wholesale Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities - Analyst* Charles GromDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Dan BinderJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Nathan RichCitigroup - Analyst* Adrianne ShapiraGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Colin McGranahanSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Peter BenedictRobert W. Baird - Analyst&nbsp;* Mark MillerWilliam Blair & Co. - Analyst* Brian NagelOppenheimer - Analyst* Christopher HorversJPMorgan - Analyst* Mark WiltamuthMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Sean NaughtonPiper Jaffray - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Dawn, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the third-quarter and year-to-date operating results for FY'12 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Richard Galanti, you may begin your conference, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP & CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Dawn; good morning to everybody. This morning's press release reviews our third-quarter operating results for the 12 weeks ended this past May 6.As with every conference call, I'll start by stating that the discussions we're having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 10574 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale Corporation's first quarter 2006 earnings announcement. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Now, I would like to turn the call over to Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer. Thank you. You may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Good morning to everyone. And as with every conference call I'll start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's press releases as well as other risks identified in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.&nbsp;This morning as usual I would like to review with you several items. To begin with, our 12 week first quarter fiscal 2006 operating results. We came in as you know, at $0.45 a share, up $0.05 over last year's first quarter of $0.40 a share. These results
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 10782 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Charles Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Robbie Ohmes BAS-ML - Analyst * Mark Miller William Blair - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Robert Drbul Barclays Capital - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Bernstein - Analyst * Peter Benedict Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Laura Champine Cowen Group - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citi - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter operating results for fiscal 2010 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Richard Galanti, CFO. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you. Good morning. This morning's press release reviews our first quarter 2010 operating results for the 12 weeks ended November 22. About 2.5 weeks ago. As with every conference call I'll start by stating
Costco Co.	FinalCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - CFO * Bob Nelson Costco Wholesale Corporation - VP - Financial Planning & Investor RelationsConference Call Participants* Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Charles Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Miller William Blair - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies - Analyst * Bob Drbul Barclays Capital - Analyst * Joe Parkula Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Bernstein - Analyst * Peter Benedict Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Laura Champine Cowen Group - Analyst * Sandra Barket Montage & Caldwell - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Tina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the second-quarter and year-to-date results and February sales release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now turn the conference over to Richard Galanti, CFO. Mr. Galanti, you may begin.&nbsp;RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Tina, and good morning to everyone. This morning's press release reviews both our second-quarter fiscal-year 2010 operating results for
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 12203 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Charles Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Miller William Blair & Company - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bob Drbul Barclays Capital - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citi - Analyst * Chuck Cerankosky Northcoast Research - Analyst * Neil Currie UBS - Analyst * Greg Melich ISI Group - Analyst * Robbie Ohmes BofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Debbie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the second-quarter and year-to-date operating results for fiscal year 2011 and February sales results call.&nbsp;All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer, please go ahead.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP & CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Debbie. Good morning to everybody. This morning's press release reviews our second quarter of fiscal 2011 operating results for the 12 weeks ended February 13 and, of course, our four-week February sales which ended Sunday, February
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 11516 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard GalantiCostco Wholesale Corporation - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities - Analyst* Deborah WeinswigCitigroup - Analyst* Karen ShortBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Colin McGranahanSanford C. Bernstein & Company - Analyst* Chris HorversJPMorgan - Analyst* Mark MillerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst&nbsp;* Dan BinderJefferies & Company - Analyst* Sandra BarkerMontag & Caldwell - Analyst* Bob DrbulBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Crystal and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the second-quarter FY13 operating results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.Mr. Richard Galanti, CFO, you may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thanks, crystal. Good morning to everyone. This morning's release, of course, reviews our second-quarter and fiscal first-half 2013 operating results for the period that ended on February 17.As with every call, let me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 15360 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Deborah Weinswig Citi - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Miller William Blair - Analyst * Mitch Kaiser Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Charles Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Robert Drbul Barclays Capital - Analyst * Peter Benedict Wachovia - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies - Analyst * John Lehman State of Wisconsin - Analyst * Uta Warner Bernstein - Analyst * Chuck Sarankoski FTN Midwest - Analyst * Neil Currie UBS - Analyst * Sandra Barker Monteg and Caldwell - Analyst * Joe Feldman Telsey Advisory Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Tina and ill will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to fiscal fourth quarter and year end results and September sales release for Costco conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Thank you. Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Tina. Good morning to everyone. As with every conference call I'll start by stating the discussions we're having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 15241 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Tina and ill will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to fiscal fourth quarter and year end results and September sales release for Costco conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Thank you. Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Tina. Good morning to everyone. As with every conference call I'll start by stating the discussions we're having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC. To begin with, our 16-week fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, our operating results, for the quarter we came in at a reported $0.90 a share compared to last year's fourth quarter of $0.83 a share. Both fiscal fourth quarters included a couple of items that were
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 13897 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - CFOConference Call Participants* Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Robert Ohmes BAS-ML - Analyst * Charles Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Robert Drbul Barclays Capital - Analyst * Peter Benedict Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Miller William Blair & Co. - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Laura Champine Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Joe Feldman Telsey Advisory Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Julie Ann, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the conference call discussing the fourth quarter and year-end results and September sales results.&nbsp;All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Julie Ann, and good morning
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 13031 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard GalantiCostco Wholesale Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Robby OhmesBank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mark MillerWilliam Blair & Co. - Analyst* Mark WiltamuthMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Dan BinderJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Chris HorversJPMorgan - Analyst* Peter BenedictRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Colin McGranahanSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Chuck CerankoskyNorthcoast Research - Analyst* Charles GromDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Nathan RichCitigroup - Analyst* Laura ChampineCowen and Co. - Analyst* Michael MontaniISI Group - Analyst* Joe FeldmanTelsey Advisory Group - Analyst* Bob DrbulBarclays Capital - Analyst* Sean NaughtonPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jeri and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth-quarter and year-to-date operating results for fiscal year 2011 and September sales conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the CFO, Mr. Galanti. Sir, you may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP & CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: (technical difficulty), as well as other risks identified
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 12854 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard GalantiCostco Wholesale Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Deborah WeinswigCiti - Analyst* Robby OhmesBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Adrianne ShapiraGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Chuck CerankoskyNorthcoast Research - Analyst* Mark StenoverPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Peter BenedictRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* Colin McGranahanSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Mark MillerWilliam Blair & Co. - Analyst* Dan BinderJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Charles GromDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Robert CarrollUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Dawn and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the first-quarter fiscal year 2012 operating results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer, you may begin your conference, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP & CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Dawn, good morning to everyone. This morning's press release reviews our first-quarter fiscal 2012 operating results for the 12 weeks ended on November 20.Let me start by stating that the discussions we're having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 11300 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard GalantiCostco Wholesale Corporation - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Deborah WeinswigCitigroup - Analyst* Charles GromDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Robert CarrollUBS - Analyst* Brian NagelOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Adrianne ShapiraGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* Chris HorversJP Morgan - Analyst* Mark WiltamuthMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Robby OhmesBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Chuck CerankoskyNorthcoast Research - Analyst* Mark MillerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* John HeinbockelGuggehnheim Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Dawn and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the second-quarter and year-to-date operating results for fiscal year 2012 and February sales conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)Thank you. Mr. Richard Galanti, CFO, you may begin your conference, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Dawn. Good morning. This morning's press release reviewed our second-quarter fiscal year 2012 operating results for the 12 weeks ended February 12, and our February sales results for the four weeks ended this past Sunday, February 26.As with every conference call, let me
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 9150 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard GalantiCostco Wholesale Corporation - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Steve ForbesGuggenheim Securities - Analyst* Chuck CerankoskyNorthcoast Research - Analyst* Nathan RichCiti - Analyst* Michael MontaniISI Group - Analyst* Justin KleberRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Charles GromDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Tabitha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth-quarter and fiscal year-end operating results for 2012 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions).Thank you. Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Tabitha. Good morning to everyone. This morning's report relates to our 17-week fourth quarter and 53-week fiscal year 2012 operating results, both which ended September 2. For comparison purposes, the fiscal quarter and year are compared to last year's 16-week and 52-week periods for the prior fiscal year 2011.As with every conference call, I will start by stating that these discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 13041 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Meredith and I'll be your conference operator. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Costco Wholesale Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Thank you.I would now like to turn the conference over to Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Meredith. Good morning to everyone. This morning's press release covers two major items, our first quarter fiscal 2007 operating results and our Form 8-K filing this morning related to a non-recurring charge that we plan to record in the second quarter related to protecting our employees from certain adverse tax and financial consequences of our historical stock option practices.&nbsp;As with every conference call, I will start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially than those indicate by such
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 14130 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Chuck Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Hillary Morrison Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Gregory Melich Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Peter Benedict Wachovia Securities - Analyst * Christine Augustine Bear Stearns - Analyst * Jeff Farenkowski - Analyst * Neil Currie UBS - Analyst * Dan Binder Buckingham Research - Analyst * Wayne Archambo BlackRock - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kela and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the February sales release and quarter two earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.&nbsp;Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP & CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Kela. Good morning to everyone. As Kela mentioned, this morning's press release reviews our second quarter operating results for the 12 weeks ended February 17th and our four weeks of February sales results for the Sunday ended -- four weeks ended March 2nd. As with every call, let
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 14041 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kela and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the February sales release and quarter two earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP & CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Kela. Good morning to everyone. As Kela mentioned, this morning's press release reviews our second quarter operating results for the 12 weeks ended February 17th and our four weeks of February sales results for the Sunday ended -- four weeks ended March 2nd. As with every call, let me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involves -- involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 14148 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard Galanti Costco Wholesale Corporation - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Dan Binder Jefferies - Analyst * Jennifer Davis Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Deb Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Adrianne Shapira Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Charles Grom JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Willamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Peter Benedict Wachovia Securities - Analyst * Uther Werner Bernstein - Analyst * Mitch Kaiser Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Joe Feldman Telsey Advisory Group - Analyst * Robert Drbul Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Sandra Baker Watts and Caldwell - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Demetris, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the third quarter and year-to-date conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)&nbsp;Thank you. Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Demetris, and good morning to everyone. This morning's press release reviews our third quarter fiscal 2008 operating results for the 12 weeks ended May 11th. As with every call, let me start
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 14042 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Demetris, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the third quarter and year-to-date conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)Thank you. Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Demetris, and good morning to everyone. This morning's press release reviews our third quarter fiscal 2008 operating results for the 12 weeks ended May 11th. As with every call, let me start by stating that these discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, those outlines in today's call as well as other risks identified from time-to-time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.&nbsp;To begin with our 12 week third quarter of fiscal 2008 operating results
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 10527 wordsCorporate Participants* Richard GalantiCostco Wholesale Corporation - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst* Paul TresselDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Meredith AdlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Michael MontaniISI Group - Analyst* Steve TunnellGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jason DeRiseUBS - Analyst* Chuck CerankoskyNorthcoast Research - Analyst* Mike Otway&nbsp;Wolfe Research - Analyst* Renato BesantaSterne, Agee & Leach - Analyst* Michael ExsteinCredit Suisse - Analyst* Justin KleberRobert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst* Sandra BarkerMontag & Caldwell - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jasmine and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Richard Galanti. Please go ahead, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Jasmine, and good morning to everyone. This morning's press release reviews our first quarter earnings results for the 12 weeks ended November 24. As with every conference call, I'll start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 14259 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Katora and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Costco's February sales and Q2 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Thank you.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Richard Galanti, Costco's Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Katora, and good morning to everyone. As with every conference call, let me start by stating the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, our 12-week second quarter fiscal '07 operating results for the quarter. We
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 13459 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Laurie, and I'll be your conference operator. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Costco third quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.I will now turn the call over to Richard Galanti, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning. As with every conference call, I'll start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.&nbsp;To begin with, our third quarter '07 operating results for the 12 weeks ended May 13th. For the quarter, as you know, we
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 12832 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Francis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the fiscal 2007 earnings and September sales release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you. Mr. Galanti, you may begin your conference call.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Francis. Good morning to everyone. As with every conference call I'll start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.&nbsp;To begin with your our 16 week fourth quarter of fiscal '07 operating results, which by the way compares to last year's 17 week fiscal fourth
Costco Co.	LENGTH: 12966 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for holding. My name is Bernice and I will be your conference operator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the fiscal year 2008 first quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Thank you, Mr. Richard Galanti, thank you, he is the Chief Financial Officer. You may begin your conference.RICHARD GALANTI, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Bernice, and good morning. This morning's press release reviews our first quarter fiscal 2008 operating results, the 12 weeks ended November 25. As with every call, let me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995; that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 9242 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to the CVS Corporation's fourth quarter 2003 conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening marks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Nancy Christal. Nancy, go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CORPORATION: Thank you, good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter 2003 conference call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President, and CEO of CVS Corporation, who will provide highlights of our business, and Dave Rickard, our CFO, who will provide a financial review and earnings guidance for 2004.Before turning to this morning's news, I have a couple of administrative items to cover. First, if you haven't already done so, please mark your calendars for our 2004 Analyst Investor Meeting, which will be held on Wednesday, May 26 at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York City. We're once again planning a half-day event with several speakers from our senior management team. An invitation with all the details will be forthcoming in March, but please save the date.&nbsp;Second, I want to mention we're back to a normal 52-week financial reporting calendar
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 8800 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to this CVS Corporation First Quarter 2004 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Nancy Christal.NANCY CRISTAL, VICE PRESIDENT OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CORPORATION: Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today for our first quarter 2004 conference call. I'm here with Dave Rickard, our CFO, who will provide highlights of our business in the quarter and update on the Eckerd transaction, a financial review, and earnings guidance. But before turning to this morning's news, I have a couple of administrative items to cover.&nbsp;First I want to remind you the date of our annual analyst and investors meeting has changed. Since our recently announced Eckerd acquisition is expected to close in June we thought a May meeting would provide only modest additional information. As part of our continuing efforts to best serve your informational needs, we rescheduled the meeting for Wednesday, September 29th. It will be held at the Plaza Hotel in New York City. If you have an RSVP for the meeting on the new date, please
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 6534 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to the CVS Corporation second quarter 2004 conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Mike McGuire. Please go ahead, sir.MIKE MCGUIRE, DIRECTOR INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CORPORATION: Thank you, Stacy, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our second quarter 2004 conference call. I'm sitting in for Nancy Christal, our Vice President of Investor Relations, who is unable to be here today. I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will be providing highlights of our business in the quarter, an update on our acquisition of Eckard, a financial review, and earnings guidance.Before I turn this over to Dave though, I have a couple of administrative items to cover. First, I want to remind you our annual analysts and investor meeting is scheduled for Wednesday, September 29th. It will be held at the Plaza Hotel in New York City.&nbsp;If you haven't sent us your response for the meeting on the new date, please sign up soon. To make it easy for you, we sent out a
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 12011 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - IR * Tom Ryan CVS Caremark Corporation - CEO * Dave Rickard CVS Caremark Corporation - CFOConference Call Participants* Tom Gallucci Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Ed Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * David Neil Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Heinbockel Goldman Sachs - CAO * Robert Willoughby Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Matt Perry Wachovia Securities - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research - Analyst * Neil Currie UBS - Analyst * Meredith Adler Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Dennis I will be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent and background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.)&nbsp;I will now turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for CVS Caremark Corporation.NANCY CHRISTAL, IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 9505 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corp. - SVP IR * Tom Ryan CVS Caremark Corp. - Chairman, President, CEO * David Rickard CVS Caremark Corp. - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * John Heinbockel Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Matt Perry Wachovia Capital - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Helene Wolk Sanford Berstein - Analyst * Ed Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Banc of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Meredith Adler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * David Magee SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kristi, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark Corp., fourth-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.&nbsp;I will now today's conference over to Ms. Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President Investor Relations.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP IR, CVS CAREMARK CORP.: Thank you, Kristi. Good morning, everyone,
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 11105 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - SVP of IR * Tom Ryan CVS Caremark Corporation - CEO * Dave Rickard CVS Caremark Corporation - CFOConference Call Participants* Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citi - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Banc of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Ed Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Matt Perry Wachovia Capital Markets - Analyst * John Heinbockel Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Helene Wolk Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies - Analyst * John Ransom Raymond James - Analyst * Simeon Gutman Canaccord Adams - Analyst * Meredith Adler Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the CVS Caremark first quarter 2009 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.&nbsp;Miss Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP OF IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President, and CEO of CVS Caremark,
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 11665 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy ChristalCVS Caremark - SVP IR* Larry MerloCVS Caremark - President and CEO* Dave DentonCVS Caremark - EVP and CFO* John RobertsCVS Caremark - President of PBM* Mark CosbyCVS Caremark - President, Retail BusinessConference Call Participants* Dane LeoneMacquarie Securities - Analyst* Robert WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;* Matthew FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - Analyst* Tiffany KanagaCitigroup - Analyst* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ross MukenISI Group - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Meredith AdlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Edward KellyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Eric BosshardCleveland Research Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the CVS Caremark first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, May 1, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP IR, CVS CAREMARK: Thanks, Susie. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. I'm here with our President and
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 11784 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy ChristalCVS Caremark Corporation - SVP of IR* Larry MerloCVS Caremark Corporation - President and CEO* Dave DentonCVS Caremark Corporation - EVP and CFO* Mark CosbyCVS Caremark Corporation - President of Retail* John RobertsCVS Caremark Corporation - President of PBMConference Call Participants* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst&nbsp;* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Scott MushkinWolfe Research - Analyst* Edward KellyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Dane LeoneMacquarie Securities - Analyst* Eric BosshardCleveland Research Company - Analyst* John RansomRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* Frank MorganRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Robert WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* David MageeSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst* Meredith AdlerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the CVS Caremark second-quarter earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, August 6, 2013.I would now like to turn the conference over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Nancy Christal. Please go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP OF IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Frank. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'm here
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 9543 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Angela and I will be your conference operator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to CVS's fourth quarter 2005 and year-end conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Nancy Christal, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, VP IR, CVS CORPORATION: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter 2005 conference call. I am here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President and CEO, and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. Tom will be providing highlights of our business in the fourth quarter and year. Then Dave will provide a fourth quarter financial review as well as our initial guidance for 2006. Before I turn this over to Tom, I have some administrative items to cover and I will also review January sales results, which we announced this morning in a separate press release. First, please mark your calendars for our 2006 analyst and investor meeting, which will be held on Wednesday, May 24th at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City. Consistent with our meetings in the past, we're planning
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 9513 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Thea and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Caremark Rx fourth quarter 2005 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mac Crawford, Chairman, President, and CEO. Sir, please go ahead.MAC CRAWFORD, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, CAREMARK RX, INC.: Okay, thank you, operator. And good morning, everyone. And I want to thank you for joining us for Caremark's fourth quarter 2005 earnings call. With me today are Howard McClure, Chief Operating Officer and Pete Clemens, our Chief Financial Officer, and I would like to introduce Craig Hartman, who has recently joined us as Vice President of Investor Relations. Today on the call, we will briefly highlight the accomplishments and the financial performance of the fourth quarter and of the year. Also going to touch on our outlook for 2006. Pete will then cover the financial results in more detail, and finally, as always, we will take your questions.&nbsp;During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements including earnings per share projections, revenue and growth forecasts, the anticipated impact of Medicare
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 8481 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Corporation first-quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Christal, Vice President of Investor Relations for CVS Corporation. Ms. Christal?NANCY CHRISTAL, VP, IR, CVS CORPORATION: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our first-quarter 2006 conference call. I am here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. Dave will be providing highlights of our business in the first quarter, followed by a financial review and earnings guidance.But before I turn it over to Dave, I have a few items to cover, including a review of of April's sales results which we announced this morning in a separate press release.&nbsp;First, an important reminder, our 2006 analyst and investor meeting will be held on Wednesday, May 24 at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City. Consistent with past practice we are planning a half-day event with several speakers from our senior management team. We are already expecting a big crowd this year, so if you have
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 8059 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Michelle and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Corporation second-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Christal, Vice President Investor Relations for CVS Corporation.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, VP, IR, CVS CORPORATION: Thank you Michelle; good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today for our second-quarter 2006 conference call. I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. Dave will be providing highlights of our business in the second quarter followed by a financial review and earnings guidance. But before I turn this over to Dave I have a few administrative items to cover. First, just a reminder that we will be announcing July sales on Monday, August 7th. As I mentioned on our last quarterly call we will report monthly sales results on a slightly later schedule than we have in the past. That is to due to our recent acquisition of 700
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 8822 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is [Tanya], and I will be your conference operator. At the tim,e I would like to welcome everyone to the CareMark Rx second quarter, 2006 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mac Crawford, Chairman, CEO, and President of Caremark. Sir, you may begin.MAC CRAWFORD, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CAREMARK RX: Thank you, Tanya. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the conference call this morning. On the call with me today are Howard McLure, the Chief Operating Officer, and Pete Clemens, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, we'll briefly review our results and progress during the quarter. Howard will give you an update on the status of operations. Pete will then review our financial results with you in detail. Finally, as always, we'll take your questions.&nbsp;During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements including earnings per share projections, revenue growth forecasts, the anticipated impact of Medicare Part D, and other assumptions about our future financial performance, including assumptions related to our 2006 guidance. Current and prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 4122 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Wes and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Corporation third quarter earnings conference call.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. Thank you.At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Christal, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY CHRISTAL, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CORPORATION: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us.I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CVS.&nbsp;Given all the activity associated with our announced merger with Caremark, this earnings review has been recorded.We appreciate you joining us for this review of our very strong third quarter 2006 and October sales results. We understand that our earnings may have been somewhat overshadowed by the industry changing news regarding our agreement to merge with Caremark, however, we'd like to take this time to quickly highlight our robust results of the quarter and our expectations for the year.First I'll touch on the highlights of our strong October sales results. Total comps were up 9.3% with pharmacy comps up 10.3% and front store
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 2269 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Caremark Rx third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like the turn the conference over to Caremark's management. You may begin your conference.PETE CLEMENS, EVP, CAREMARK RX, INC.: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Caremark's third-quarter earnings release conference call. This is Pete Clemens, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Caremark. Undoubtedly you've seen our press release yesterday regarding our combination with CVS. As Mac and Tom discussed during yesterdays conference call we are extremely excited about the opportunities that this merger will bring us. That aside, the purpose of this call is to focus for a few minutes on Caremark's earnings for the quarter. First let me read the forward-looking statements. During this conference call we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements including earnings per share projections, revenue growth forecast, performance prospects and other assumptions about our future financial performance specifically including assumptions relating to our 2006 guidance, the impact of generic launches, and Medicare Part D
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 7611 wordsNANCY CHRISTAL, VP IR, CVS CORPORATION: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the CVS Corporation second quarter 2005 conference call. Today's conference is being recorded.At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Miss Nancy Christal. Please go ahead. ma'am. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our second quarter 2005 conference call.I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. Dave will be providing highlights of our business in the second quarter followed by a financial review and earnings guidance.&nbsp;But before I turn this over to Dave, I have a few administrative items to cover. First, please note that today's call will be simulcast on our Web site at investor.cvs.com.It will also be archived on our Web site for a one-month period following the call to make it easy for all investors to access the call. Note that this call may not be rebroadcast without prior written consent from CVS.Second, in light of Regulation FD we will only accept analyst models for review within the one-week period following each quarterly earnings call. This review and comment will be limited
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 7306 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Crystal, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Caremark Rx Second Quarter 2005 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.[Operator Instructions].I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mac Crawford, Chairman, President and CEO. Thank you, Mr. Crawford. You may begin.&nbsp;EDWIN &quot;MAC&quot; CRAWFORD, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, CAREMARK RX, INC.: Okay. Thank you, operator, and good morning everybody. And thank you for calling in. With me, today, are Howard McLure and Pete Clemens. As you know, Howard was recently named Chief Operating Officer, and Pete was promoted to Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, let me go through the &quot;forward-looking statement.&quot; Then, we'll get into the presentation, and then come back and answer your questions.This conference call contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1944, as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements discussed on this conference call include the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company and
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 10933 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - SVP IR * Tom Ryan CVS Caremark Corporation - Chairman, CEO * David Denton CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP, CFO * Per Lofberg CVS Caremark Corporation - President - PBM * Larry Merlo CVS Caremark Corporation - President, COOConference Call Participants* Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Meredith Adler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ed Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Helene Wolk Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * John Heinbockel Guggenheim Securities - Analyst * Bob Willoughby BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * John Ransom Raymond James - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Steven Halper Stifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning my name is Cynthia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 8550 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matthew. I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Caremark Rx third quarter 2004 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star, then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star, then the number 2. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mac Crawford, Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Crawford, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;MAC CRAWFORD, CHAIRMAN, PRES, CEO, CAREMARK RX, INC.: Okay. Thank you. I also thank everyone for dialing in this morning for the third quarter earnings call. I'm going to go ahead and do the forward-looking statement first. And then we'll get into the call itself. This conference call contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 9391 wordsOPERATOR: The question and answer session will be conducted Good day everyone and welcome to this CVS Corporation fourth quarter 2004 conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Nancy Christal. Please go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, VP, IR, CVS CORP.: Thank you. Good morning and thanks for joining us for our fourth quarter2004 conference call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President, and CEO; and Dave Rickard, our CFO. Tom will be providing highlights of our business in the fourth quarter and year 2004, and then Dave will provide a financial review and our initial earnings guidance for 2005. Tom will then be back to review some key industry dynamics before opening up for questions. But before I turn this over to Tom I have a few items to cover.&nbsp;Please mark your calendars, if you haven't done so already, for our 2005 analyst and investor meeting which will be held on Thursday, June 2nd, at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City. We're once again planning a half-day event with several speakers from our senior management team.
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 8582 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Marvin, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Caremark Rx Fourth Quarter 2004 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time simply press &quot;star&quot; then the number &quot;one&quot; on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press &quot;star&quot; then the number &quot;two.&quot; Thank you.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mac Crawford, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;MAC CRAWFORD, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, CAREMARK RX, INC.: Thank you, operator, and good morning everyone. Before I get started, let me go ahead and do the forward-looking statements. This conference call contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements discussed on this conference call include the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company and
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 7962 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning my name is Annette and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Caremark Rx first quarter 2005 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mac Crawford, Chairman, President, and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.MAC CRAWFORD, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, CAREMARK RX, INC.: Okay. Thank you, Annette. And good morning, everyone. And thank you for dialing in. Before we get started let me go ahead and read the forward-looking statements. This conference call contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements discussed on this conference call include the &quot;intent,&quot; &quot;belief&quot; or current expectations of the Company and members of its senior management team with respect to the anticipated growth prospects for the Company's business, including revenue growth and earnings per share projections, as well as the assumptions
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 8021 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the CVS corporation first quarter 2005 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded.At this time, for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Nancy Christal. Please go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, VP, IR, CVS CORP.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our first quarter 2005 conference call. I'm here with David Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. Dave will be providing highlights of our business in the first quarter followed by a financial review and earnings guidance.&nbsp;But before I turn this over to Dave, as always, I have a few reminders for you. First, our 2005 Analyst and Investor meeting will be held on Thursday, June 2 at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City. We're once again planning a half-day event with several speakers from our senior management team. If you haven't already responded to the invitation we e-mailed on the morning of March 24th, please do so at your earliest convenience. If you need any information, please contact my assistant, Linda Pierre at 914-722-4094. And because our annual Analyst and Investor meeting is only
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 11640 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - SVP of IR * Larry Merlo CVS Caremark Corporation - President and CEO * David Denton CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP and CFO * Per Lofberg CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP and President of Caremark Pharmacy ServicesConference Call Participants* Meredith Adler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Heinbockel Guggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steven Valiquette UBS - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Kemp Dolliver Avondale Partners - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Bob Willoughby BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan Chase & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Celeste, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 13153 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - SVP of IR * Larry Merlo CVS Caremark Corporation - President & CEO * Dave Denton CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP & CFO * Per Lofberg CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP, also President of Caremark Pharmacy ServicesConference Call Participants* Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Heinbockel Guggenheim Securities - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Edward Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Frank Morgan RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Neil Currie Dahlman Rose - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John Ransom Raymond James - Analyst * Mark Miller William Blair - Analyst * Steven Valiquette UBS - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * David Magee SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CVS Caremark second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, August 4, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 12061 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy ChristalCVS Caremark Corp - SVP IR* Larry MerloCVS Caremark Corp - President and CEO* Dave DentonCVS Caremark Corp - EVP and CFO* Per LofbergCVS Caremark Corp - EVP and President of Caremark Pharmacy Services* Mark CosbyCVS Caremark Corp - EVP, CVS Caremark & President, CVS PharmacyConference Call Participants* Tiffany ConegasCitigroup - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst* Dane LeoneMacquarie Securities - Analyst* Meredith AdlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Ed KellyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Larry MarshBarclays Capital - Analyst* Scott MushkinJefferies & Company - Analyst* Bob WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the CVS Caremark first quarter earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, May 2, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP IR, CVS CAREMARK CORP: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 10234 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Angela and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS third quarter 2005 earnings conference call.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Nancy Christal, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, V.P., INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CORPORATION: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our third quarter 2005 conference call. I know some of you have been anxiously awaiting the details of our results since we updated our third quarter EPS expectations in our September sales release, so I'm happy we can provide that today.I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. Dave will be providing highlights of our business in the third quarter followed by a financial review and earnings guidance. I think you will find that our results in the core business as well as the acquired stores are very good and we are well on our way to finishing up a great
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 8895 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Thea and I will be the conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Caremark Rx third quarter 2005 earning release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Crawford, Chairman, President and CEO.&nbsp;MAC CRAWFORD, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, CAREMARK RX, INC.: This is Mac Crawford, not Mark. Good morning everyone. Thank you for calling in. Before we get started let me read the forward looking statement. This conference call contains statements that constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking statements contained in this conference call include the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company and members of its senior management team with respect to the anticipated growth prospects for the Company's business including 2005 and 2006 earnings per share projections, 2005, 2006 revenue growth and the anticipated
CVS Caremark Corp.	FinalCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS - SVP, IR * Tom Ryan CVS - CEO * Dave Denton CVS - CFO * Per Lofberg CVS - President PBM * Larry Merlo CVS - President, Retail BusinessConference Call Participants* Debra Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard - Analyst * Ed Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * John Heinbockel Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bob Willoughby Bank of American/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies - Analyst * Helene Wolk Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Meredith Adler Barclays - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. my name is Celeste, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark Corporation, fourth quarter, 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP, IR, CVS: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President and CEO of CVS Caremark, who will
CVS Caremark Corp.	FinalCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - SVP, Investor Relations * Tom Ryan CVS Caremark Corporation - Chairman, President & CEO * Dave Denton CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP & CFO * Larry Merlo CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP * Per Lofberg CVS Caremark Corporation - President, PBM BusinessConference Call Participants* Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Meredith Adler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Todd Duvick Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Ed Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ann Hines - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * John Ransom Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Helene Wolk Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Neil Curry UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark Corporation first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 10230 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - IR * Tom Ryan CVS Caremark Corporation - Chairman and CEO * Dave Denton CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP and CFO * Larry Merlo CVS Caremark Corporation - President and COO * Per Lofberg CVS Caremark Corporation - President, Caremark Pharmacy ServicesConference Call Participants* Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Neil Currie UBS - Analyst * Ann Hynes Caris & Company - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Robert Willoughby BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Meredith Adler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Steve Halper Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * David Magee SunTrust Robinson - Analyst * Helene Wolk Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Brooke and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;I would now like to turn
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 14661 wordsCorporate Participants* Larry Merlo CVS Caremark - President and COO, President of CVS pharmacy * Dave Denton CVS Caremark Corporation - CFO * Tom Ryan CVS Caremark Corporation - Chairman of the Board * Per Lofberg CVS Caremark Corporation - President PBM * Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - IRConference Call Participants* John Ransom Raymond James - Analyst * Neil Currie UBS - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * John Heinbockel Guggenheim - Analyst * Ed Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * Meredith Adler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Kemp Dolliver Avondale Partners - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steve Halper Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Unidentified Partincipant - Analyst * Ann Hynes Caris & Company - Analyst * Eric Brosshard Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tom Galluci Lazard Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark fourth quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 11311 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy ChristalCVS Caremark Corporation - SVP IR* Larry MerloCVS Caremark Corporation - President and CEO* Dave DentonCVS Caremark Corporation - EVP and CFO* Jon RobertsCVS Caremark Corporation - President Caremark* Mark CosbyCVS Caremark Corporation - President-CVS/PharmacyConference Call Participants* Dane LeoneMacquarie Securities - Analyst&nbsp;* Robert WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - Analyst* Eric BosshardCleveland Research Company - Analyst* Matthew FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Greg HesslerBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* John RansomRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst* Edward KellyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Ross MukenISI Group - Analyst* Meredith AdlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Deborah WeinswigCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the CVS Caremark fourth-quarter earnings call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, February 6, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thanks, Susie. Good
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 10494 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corp. - SVP, IR * Dave Rickard CVS Caremark Corp. - EVP, CFO * Howard McLure Caremark Pharmacy Services - President * Larry Merlo CVS/pharmacy - Retail - PresidentConference Call Participants* Scott Mushkin Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Merrill Lynch - Analyst * John Heinbockel Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Matt Perry Wachovia - Analyst * David Magee SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst * David Veal Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * John Ransom Raymond James - Analyst * Meredith Adler Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Bank of America - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Brandy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark Corporation second quarter earning's conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 10366 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Brandy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark Corporation second quarter earning's conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.I would now like to turn the call over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP, IR, CVS CAREMARK CORP.: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for the second quarter earnings call. I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO of CVS Caremark . Dave will provide a business update, a financial review of the second quarter and guidance. I'm happy we have two other key executives with us today: Larry Merlo, President of CVS Pharmacy - Retail, and Howard McLure, President of Caremark Pharmacy Services. Both Larry and Howard will participate in the question and answer session.&nbsp;For your information, we expect to file our 10Q late by late today and it will be available through our website at investor.cvs.com. This morning we'll
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 10491 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - SVP, IR * Tom Ryan CVS Caremark Corporation - Chairman, President, CEO * Dave Rickard CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research Co. - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Simeon Gutman Canaccord Adams - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Meredith Adler Barclays Capital - Analyst * Robert Willoughby BAS-ML - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Helene Wolk Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * John Heinbockel Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the CVS Caremark earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you.&nbsp;Ms. Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for CVS Caremark Corporation, please begin.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP, IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Rachel. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. I am here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President, and CEO of CVS Caremark, who will provide a business update,
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 11339 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - SVP, IR * Tom Ryan CVS Caremark Corporation - Chairman, President & CEO * Dave Rickard CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Thomas Gallucci Lazard Capital - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Robert Maloney BAS-ML - Analyst * John Heinbockel Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Ed Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ann Hynes FTN Equity - Analyst * Scott Mushkin Jefferies - Analyst * Matt Perry Wells Fargo - Analyst * Meredith Adler Barclays - Analyst * Helene Wolk Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Neil Currie UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Regina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark Corporation third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)&nbsp;Thank you, I would now like to turn the call over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Ms. Christal you may begin the conference.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP, IR, CVS
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 13179 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy ChristalCVS Caremark Corporation - SVP of IR* Larry MerloCVS Caremark Corporation - President and CEO* Dave DentonCVS Caremark Corporation - EVP and CFO* Per LofbergCVS Caremark Corporation - President, Caremark Pharmacy ServicesConference Call Participants* Lisa GillJPMorgan - Analyst* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities - Analyst* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Edward KellyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Larry MarshBarclays Capital - Analyst* Scott MushkinJefferies & Co. - Analyst* John WeissFir Tree Partners - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - Analyst* Matthew FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark MillerWilliam Blair - Analyst* John RansomRaymond James - Analyst* Meredith AdlerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the CVS Caremark third-quarter earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, November 3, 2011.I would now like to turn the conference over Ms. Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP OF IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Frank. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I am here with Larry Merlo,
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 11313 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy ChristalCVS Caremark Corporation - SVP IR* Larry MerloCVS Caremark Corporation - President, CEO* Dave DentonCVS Caremark Corporation - EVP, CFO* Per LofbergCVS Caremark Corporation - EVP, President-Caremark Pharmacy Services* Mark CosbyCVS Caremark Corporation - EVP, President-CVS/pharmacyConference Call Participants* Shane PalahickyCitigroup - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan - Analyst* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities - Analyst* Dane LeoneMacquarie Research - Analyst* Scott MushkinJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Edward KellyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Larry MarshBarclays Capital - Analyst* Matt FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - Analyst* John RansomRaymond James - Analyst* Eric BosshardCleveland Research Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q4 CVS Caremark earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, February 8, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with Larry Merlo,
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 10819 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy ChristalCVS Caremark Corp - SVP IR* Larry MerloCVS Caremark Corp - President and CEO* Dave DentonCVS Caremark Corp - EVP and CFO* Per LofbergCVS Caremark Corp - President, PBM* Mark CosbyCVS Caremark Corp - President - CVS PharmacyConference Call Participants* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst* Dane Leone&nbsp;Macquarie Securities - Analyst* Deborah WeinswigCitigroup - Analyst* David WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Scott MushkinJefferies & Company - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - Analyst* Matthew FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Frank MorganRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Ross MukenISI Group - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the CVS Caremark Second Quarter Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Tuesday, August 7, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nancy Christal. Please go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP IR, CVS CAREMARK CORP: Thank you, Tara. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with Larry Merlo, President and CEO, who will provide a business update; and Dave
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 9715 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy ChristalCVS Caremark Corporation - SVP of IR* Larry MerloCVS Caremark Corporation - President and CEO* Dave DentonCVS Caremark Corporation - EVP and CFO* Mark CosbyCVS Caremark Corporation - EVP and President, CVS/Pharmacy* Jon RobertsCVS Caremark Corporation - President Caremark Pharmacy Services* Per LofbergCVS Caremark Corporation - President&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Deborah WeinswigCitigroup - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan - Analyst* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities - Analyst* Ross MukenISI Group - Analyst* Meredith AdlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Scott MushkinJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the third-quarter CVS Caremark earnings call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded Tuesday, November 6, 2012.I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP OF IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Sylvana. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today. I am here with Larry Merlo, President and CEO, who will provide a business update, and Dave Denton, Executive Vice
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 12264 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Amanda and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to turn the call over to Nancy Christal, Senior VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'amNANCY CHRISTAL, SVP, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Amanda. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter and year end earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President and CEO of CVS Caremark, Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO of CVS Caremark, and Howard McLure, President of Caremark Pharmacy Services. Howard's joined us today for the year end call.&nbsp;Tom will provide highlights of the year and a business update, while Dave will provide a financial review of the fourth quarter. He will also provide our initial guidance for 2008 and the key assumptions we've made to get there.During this call we'll discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our company's performance, namely
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 9823 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Amanda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the CVS Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there is will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to turn the call over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President- Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'ma.NANCY CHRISTAL, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT- INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Amanda. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our first quarter earnings conference call. I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO, of CVS Caremark who will provide a business update, a financial review of the first quarter and guidance. Also with us is Howard McLure, President of Caremark Pharmacy Services, who will participate in the question-and-answer session.&nbsp;First I'll note that we expect to file our 10-Q by the end of the day today, and it will be available through our website at investor.cvs.com. This morning we will discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA and
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 9932 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy Christal CVS Caremark Corporation - Senior Vice President- Investor Relations * Dave Rickard CVS Caremark Corporation - EVP, CFO * Howard McLure CVS Caremark Corporation - President- Pharmacy ServicesConference Call Participants* John Heinbockel Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Ed Kelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Mark Wiltamuth Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Neil Currie UBS - Analyst * Meredith Adler Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * David Magee SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Amanda, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the CVS Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there is will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President- Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'ma.NANCY CHRISTAL, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT- INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Amanda. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our first quarter earnings conference
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 10001 wordsCorporate Participants* Nancy ChristalCVS Caremark Corp - SVP IR* Larry MerloCVS Caremark Corp - President and CEO* Dave DentonCVS Caremark Corp - EVP and CFO* Jon RobertsCVS Caremark Corp - President of PBMConference Call Participants* Robert JonesGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Bob WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Eric BosshardCleveland Research Company - Analyst&nbsp;* John HeinbockelGuggenheim Securities LLC - Analyst* Meredith AdlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Scott MushkinWolfe Research - Analyst* Mark WiltamuthJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Ross MukenISI Group - Analyst* Zack SopcakMorgan Stanley - Analyst* David MageeSunTrust Robinson Humphrey - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by, and welcome to the CVS Caremark third-quarter earnings conference call.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded on Tuesday, November 5, 2013. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Nancy Christal, Senior VP Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Christal.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP IR, CVS CAREMARK CORP: Thank you Pamela. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us.I'm here this morning with Larry Merlo, President and CEO, who will provide a business update, and Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review our third-quarter results
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 7737 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Cynthia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]I would now like to turn today's call over to Nancy Christal, Vice President of Investor Relations for CVS Corporation. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY CHRISTAL, VP IR, CVS CORPORATION: Thanks, Cynthia. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter 2006 conference call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President, and CEO, and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. Tom will provide highlights of our business in 2006 and Dave will provide a fourth quarter financial review, our initial guidance for 2007, and a description of the expected cost and revenue synergies from our merger with Caremark. After Dave, Tom will be back to discuss to discuss our merger with Caremark some more.&nbsp;Let me first review January sales, which we announced this morning in a separate press release. We had another terrific month. Total revenues increased 24.2%. Total comps were up 8.6%, with pharmacy comps up 8.7, despite being negatively impacted by about 350 basis points due to recent
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 11705 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Cynthia and I will be your conference operator today.At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS/Caremark Corporation's first quarter 2007 earnings conference call.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to turn today's call over to Nancy Christal, VP Investor Relations for CVS/Caremark Corporation. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY CHRISTAL, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS/CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Cynthia. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our first quarterly earnings call for CVS/Caremark Corporation.&nbsp;I'm happy to say that we have an excellent group assembled here to update you. I'm here with Tom Ryan, President and CEO of CVS/Caremark, Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO of CVS/Caremark, and Pete Clemens, CFO of Caremark Pharmacy Services.Here is our agenda for today's call. With the goal of being responsive to the many questions we've received, I'd like to take a couple of minutes to discuss some disclosure practices for the new company. Then I'll provide some color on our April monthly sales, which were also announced this morning in a
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 11806 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Lori, and I will be your conference operator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.I will now turn the call over to Nancy Christal, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, President and CEO of CVS Caremark, and Dave Rickard, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Tom has joined us again this quarter so he can provide a business update and bring you up to date on our progress. As you know the merger closed on March 22nd, so this is the first full quarter of results for CVS Caremark. Our 10Q which will be filed on Wednesday will provide full MD&As for each of our segments, the retail segment and the pharmacy and services or PBM segment, which of course is now comprised
CVS Caremark Corp.	LENGTH: 12458 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Cynthia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CVS Caremark Corporation third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to turn today's call over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.NANCY CHRISTAL, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thanks, Cynthia. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, President and CEO, of CVS Caremark, and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO, of CVS Caremark. This is the second full quarter of results for the combined CVS Caremark, and we're happy to have the opportunity to update you on our progress. For your information, our 10Q is expected to be filed late today, but we'll provide details of our performance by business segment during this call.&nbsp;Today we'll discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, cash EPS and
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 10352 wordsOPERATOR: .UNIDENTIFIED: Please stand by. The event is about to begin.. This is ChevronTexaco Corporation .OPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the ChevronTexaco fourth quarter investor relations analyst conference call. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen only mode and the floor will be opened for questions following the presentation. At this time I will turn the call over to the host, Mr. David O'Reilly, chairman and Chief Executive Officer.DAVID O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CHEVRONTEXACO: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to ChevronTexaco's fourth quarter conference call. I am David O'Reilly, Chief Executive Officer and I am joined by Randy Richard, manager of investor relations. I will be referring to slides that were e-mailed to you this morning and also available on the web.&nbsp;Before we start let me state that our presentation today contains projections estimates projections and other forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Safe Harbor Statement on chart 2. Let's begin on slide number 3. Not only did we enjoy a very good year in terms of financial performance, but I am pleased with the progress we've been making on the strategies that I outlined to you at our August analyst
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8817 wordsCorporate Participants* Steve Crowe Chevron - VP, CFO * Jim Aleveras Chevron - GM-IR * George Kirkland Chevron - EVP Upstream and GasConference Call Participants* Mark Flannery Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Michael LaMotte JPMorgan - Analyst * Erik Mielke Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Peter McNally Galleon - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Matt and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;I will now turn the conference over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Steve Crowe. Please go ahead, sir.STEVE CROWE, VP, CFO, CHEVRON: Thanks, Matt. Welcome to Chevron's third quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are George Kirkland, Executive Vice President - Global Upstream and Gas, and Jim Aleveras, General Manager - Investor Relations. Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the third quarter of 2008. We will refer to the slides
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8764 wordsCorporate Participants* Dave O'Reilly Chevron Corporation - Chairman and CEO * Patricia Yarrington Chevron Corporation - VP, CFO * Jim Aleveras Chevron Corporation - GM, IRConference Call Participants* Mark Flannery Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Company - Analyst * Erik Mielke Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Michael LaMotte JPMorgan - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Michael Matus Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matt and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now turn the conference call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Dave O'Reilly. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;DAVE O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thank
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9195 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Yarrington Chevron Corporation - VP, CFO * Jim Aleveras Chevron Corporation - GM IRConference Call Participants* Mark Gilman Benchmark Company - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie Research - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Company - Analyst * Eric Mielke Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Flannery Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Leggate Howard Weil - Analyst * John Levin Levin Capital - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the conference call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.&nbsp;PATRICIA YARRINGTON, VP, CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thanks, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's first quarter earnings conference call and webcast. Jim Aleveras, General Manager of Investor Relations is on the call with me. Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2009. We will refer to the slides that
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9529 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat YarringtonChevron Corporation - VP, CFO* Jeff GustavsonChevron Corporation - General Manager IR* George KirklandChevron Corporation - Vice Chairman, EVP of UpstreamConference Call Participants* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Evan CalioMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Arjun MurtiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Doug Leggate&nbsp;BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Research - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter 2013 earnings conference call.At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP, CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today is George Kirkland, Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President of Upstream, and Jeff Gustavson, General Manager for Investor Relations. We will refer
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8023 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth quarter 2005 Chevron's earnings conference call. All lines are currently on a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I will now turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Dave O'Reilly. Please go ahead, sir.DAVE O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CHEVRON: Thank you, Dennis. And welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter earnings call. Today I'm joined by Steve Crowe, our Vice President and CFO, and Irene Melitas, Manager of Investor Relations. Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operational results for the fourth quarter of 2005 and I'll refer to the slides that were e-mailed to you this morning and are available on the Web. Before we get going, please look at the Safe Harbor Statement on Slide 2 and be reminded that today's presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements.&nbsp;Turning to Slide 3, which provides an overview of our financial performance, the Company ended the year with record quarterly earnings of $4.1 billion, or $1.86 per diluted share.
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 6996 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the conference over to Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Steve Crowe. Please go ahead, sir.STEVE CROWE, VP, CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today is Irene Melitas, our Manager of Investor Relations. Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2006. I will refer to the slides that were e-mailed to you this morning and that are available on the Web.&nbsp;Before we get started, please be reminded that today's presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the Safe Harbor statement on slide two.I will begin with slide three, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company reported results of $4 billion or $1.80 per diluted share for the quarter. Our results were up nearly 50% compared to the first quarter
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 7164 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matt and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at the time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Dave O'Reilly. Please go ahead, sir.DAVE O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CHEVRON: Good morning and welcome to Chevron's second-quarter earnings conference call. I am joined today by Steve Crowe, our Chief Financial Officer and Irene Melitas, Manager of Investor Relations. Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2006 and I will refer to the slides that were e-mailed to you this morning and that are available on the Web.&nbsp;Before we get started, please be reminded that today's presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements and I ask that you review the Safe Harbor statement on slide 2.I will begin with slide 3 which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company reported
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 7470 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Mat, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's third-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Steve Crowe. Please go ahead, sir.STEVE CROWE, VP & CFO, CHEVRON: Thank you, Mat, and welcome, everyone, to Chevron's third-quarter earnings conference call. Today on the call I am joined by Paul Siegele, the Vice President of our Gulf of Mexico Deepwater Exploration, and Irene Melitas, our Manager of Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the third quarter of 2006. We will refer to the slides that are available on the Web.&nbsp;Before we get started, please be reminded that today's presentation contains estimates and projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the Safe Harbor statement on slide two.I will begin with slide three, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company reported results of $5 billion or $2.29 per diluted share for the quarter. Our earnings were up 40% compared to the third-quarter 2005 as noted in the
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 6497 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Chevron second quarter earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Steve Crowe, CFO of Chevron Corporation. Sir, the floor is yours.STEPHEN CROWE, VP & CFO, CHEVRON: Thanks, Ashley. Welcome to Chevron's second quarter earnings conference call. I am Steve Crowe the CFO of Chevron. Today on the call, I am joined by Randy Richards, Manager of Investor Relations. Our focus is on financial and operating results in second quarter. We appreciate that there is a lot of interest in our merger agreement to acquire Unocal as we approach the August 10th vote by Unocal stockholders.A great deal of information about the Unocal transaction is available in public filings and I'm sure you can understand there is little we can add at this time. Today, we will review Chevron's quarterly performance, and then take your questions. I will refer to the slides that were e-mailed to you this morning and are available on the web.&nbsp;Before we get started I'll remind you that our presentation today contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. Please review the Safe Harbor statement
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8395 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat Yarrington Chevron Corporation - VP & CFO * Jeanette Ourada Chevron Corporation - General Manager, IR * Mike Wirth Chevron Corporation - EVP, Downstream and ChemicalsConference Call Participants* Evan Calio Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Doug Leggate BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Faisel Khan Citi - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - Analyst * John Herrlin Societe Generale - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call.&nbsp;At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I will now turn the conference call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please, go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP & CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's third quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9238 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the ChevronTexaco third quarter Investor Relations conference call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following today's presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. John Watson, VP and CFO of ChevronTexaco Corporation. Sir, you may begin.JOHN WATSON, VP AND CFO, CHEVRONTEXACO CORPORATION: Thank you. Welcome to ChevronTexaco's third quarter earnings conference call. As indicated I'm John Watson, the CFO of ChevronTexaco. Today on the call I am joined by Randy Richards, our Manager of IR. I'll refer to the slides that were emailed to you this morning and that are also available on the web. Before we get started I'll remind you that our presentation today contains estimates, projections, other forward-looking statements. Please review the safe harbor statement that you have with you on slide 2.&nbsp;Turning to slide 3 I'll start with an update on our strategic progress. Our portfolio high grading activity has move forward rapidly in the last two quarters. Proceeds from asset sales were 1.6 billion in the third quarter, and over 3 billion for nine
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8585 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ChevronTexaco fourth quarter Investor Relations analyst conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following today's presentation. It is now my pleasure to introduce Mr. Dave O'Reilly, Chairman and CEO of ChevronTexaco. Sir, you may begin.DAVE O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CHEVRONTEXACO: Thank you, operator, and welcome to all of you to ChevronTexaco's fourth quarter earnings conference call. It's good to be with you again following our meeting last month in New York. Today, I'm joined by Steve Crowe, our CFO, and Randy Richards, our Manager of Investor Relations. And I'll refer to the slides that were e-mailed to you this morning and are available on the web.Before we get started, let me remind that you our presentation today contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements; so please review the Safe Harbor statement on slide 2.&nbsp;Turning to slide 3, I'll start with our financial performance. We had an excellent fourth quarter this year, with earnings of $3.4 billion. Full-year earnings totaled 13.3 billion, a record result. Return on capital employed for the year was
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 7419 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the ChevronTexaco First Quarter 2005 Investor Relations Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Stephen Crowe, Chief Financial Officer of ChevronTexaco. Sir, the floor is yours.STEPHEN CROWE, VP & CFO, CHEVRONTEXACO CORP.: Thank you, Elsa and good morning. Welcome to ChevronTexaco's first quarter earnings conference call. I'm Steve Crowe, CFO of ChevronTexaco. Today on the call, I'm joined by Randy Richards, our Manager of Investor Relations.&nbsp;On April 4, we announced that we had agreed to acquire Unocal Corporation. Slides and audio from the conference call related to that announcement are available on our website, ChevronTexaco.com, under &quot;Investors.&quot; We ask you to refer to that material for information about the pending acquisition.Our focus today is on ChevronTexaco's financial and operational results for the quarter. I'll refer to the slides that were emailed to you this morning and are available on the web.Before we get started, I'll remind you that our presentation today contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. Please
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8028 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat Yarrington Chevron Corporation - VP, CFO * Jeanette Ourada Chevron Corporation - IR * Gary Luquette Chevron Corporation - President North America Exploration & ProductionConference Call Participants* Doug Terreson ISI Group - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Edward Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Leggate BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Company - Analyst * Faisel Khan Citigroup - Analyst * Iain Reid Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Allen Good Morningstar - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Hernan Ladeuix CLSA - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and -- good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;I will now turn the conference over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP, CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's first quarter 2011 earnings conference call and webcast.On the call with me today are Gary Luquette, President of our North American Exploration & Production
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9713 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat Yarrington Chevron Corporation - VP and CFO * Jeanette Ourada Chevron Corporation - General Manager of IR * George Kirkland Chevron Corporation - Vice Chairman and EVP of Global Upstream and GasConference Call Participants* Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Evan Calio Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Doug Leggate BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie Research Equities - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Kate Minyard JPMorgan - Analyst * Iain Reid Jefferies & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;I will now turn the conference call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP AND CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Great. Thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's second quarter earnings conference call
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8903 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat YarringtonChevron Corporation - VP, CFO* Jeanette OuradaChevron Corporation - General Manager, IRConference Call Participants* Evan CalioMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Douglas TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Arjun MurtiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Robert KesslerTudor, Pickering, Holt - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Kate MinyardJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* Allen GoodMorningstar - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP, CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Good morning, and thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9182 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat YarringtonChevron Corporation - VP & CFO* Jeanette OuradaChevron Corporation - General Manager, IR* George KirklandChevron Corporation - Vice Chairman & EVP, Upstream and GasConference Call Participants* Douglas TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Arjun MurtiGoldman Sachs - Analyst&nbsp;* Jason GammelMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Robert KesslerTudor, Pickering, Holt - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* John HerrlinSociete Generale - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James - Analyst* Allen GoodMorningstar - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning my name is Kevin and I will be your conference operator today. Welcome to the Chevron second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call.At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP & CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Good morning and thank you, Kevin. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter earnings conference call and webcast.On the call with me today are
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8076 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome this the Chevron third quarter investor relations, conference call. At this time all participants are in placed and a listen-only mode. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to our host Dave O'Reilly Sir, you may begin.DAVE O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CHEVRON: Welcome to the Chevron third quarter earnings conference call. This is Dave O'Reilly, and today on the call I'm joined by Steve Crowe our Chief Financial Officer, and Irene Melitas our Investor Relations Manager. Our focus today will be on Chevron's finance and and operating results for the third quarter. I'll refer to the slides that were e-mailed to you this morning and are available on the web. Before we get started please be reminded that today's presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. I ask that you review the Safe Harbor Statement on slide two.&nbsp;Now turning to slide three. There were two issues that played a significant part in our third quarter performance. The first is the Unocal transaction and the second, of course, the multiple hurricanes. Beginning with Unocal. The deal closed on August 10th, and the results that we presented to you
Chevron Corp.	FinalCorporate Participants* John Watson Chevron - Chairman & CEO * Pat Yarrington Chevron - VP & CFOConference Call Participants* Robert Kessler Simmons & Co. - Analyst * Doug Terreson ISI - Analyst * Doug Leggate Bank of America - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's fourth-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;I will now turn the conference call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. John Watson. Please go ahead.JOHN WATSON, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CHEVRON: Thanks, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's fourth-quarter earnings conference call webcast. It is good to be back on the calls. With me today are Pat Yarrington, our CFO, and Jeanette Ourada, General Manager Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the fourth quarter of 2009. We will refer to the slides that are available on
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8685 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat Yarrington Chevron Corporation - VP, CFO * Jeanette Ourada Chevron Corporation - GM, IRConference Call Participants* Doug Terreson ISI - Analyst * Evan Calio Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Doug Leggate BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - Analyst * Faisel Khan Citigroup - Analyst * Jacques Rousseau RBC - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;I will now turn the conference call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP, CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Good morning. Thanks, Sean, very much. Welcome to Chevron's first quarter earnings conference call and webcast.
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9073 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat Yarrington Chevron Corporation - CFO * Jeanette Ourada Chevron Corporation - General Manager IR * George Kirkland Chevron Corporation - Vice Chairman, EVP Global Upstream and GasConference Call Participants* Robert Kessler Simmons & Company - Analyst * Doug Leggate Bank of America - Analyst * Evan Calio Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Edward Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark Capital - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Faisel Khan Citigroup - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - Analyst * Jacques Rousseau RBC Capital - Analyst * John Herrlin SG Americas Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;I will now turn the conference call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's second quarter earnings call and webcast. On the call with me today are George Kirkland, Vice Chairman and Executive Vice
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9255 wordsCorporate Participants* John Watson Chevron Corporation - Chairman & CEO * Pat Yarrington Chevron Corporation - VP and CFO * Jeanette Ourada Chevron Corporation - GM - IRConference Call Participants* Ed Westlake Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Terreson ISI Group - Analyst * Evan Calio Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Doug Leggate BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie - Analyst * Mark Gilman The Benchmark Co. - Analyst * Faisel Khan Citigroup - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - Analyst * Iain Reid Jefferies & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. John Watson. Please go ahead.&nbsp;JOHN WATSON, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Okay, thanks, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9382 wordsCorporate Participants* John WatsonChevron Corporation - Chairman & CEO* Pat YarringtonChevron Corporation - VP & CFOConference Call Participants* Evan CalioMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Research - Analyst* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst&nbsp;* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Allen GoodMorningstar - Analyst* John HerrlinSociete Generale - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call.At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. John Watson. Please go ahead, sir.JOHN WATSON, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thanks, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's fourth-quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are Pat Yarrington, our Chief Financial Officer, and Jeff Gustavson who is the General Manager of Investor
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8038 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat YarringtonChevron Corporation - VP & CFO* Jeff GustavsonChevron Corporation - General Manager, IRConference Call Participants* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Evan CalioMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Arjun MurtiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Doug LeggateBank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst&nbsp;* Jason GammelMacquarie Research - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Asit SenCowen Securities - Analyst* Allen GoodMorningstar - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP & CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Okay, good morning, everyone and thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today is Jeff Gustavson, General Manager,
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 7203 wordsCorporate Participants* Steve Crowe Chevron - VP & CFO * Jim Aleveras Chevron - General Manager, IRConference Call Participants* Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Paul Cheng Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Kate Lucas JPMorgan - Analyst * Erik Mielke Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie - Analyst * Waseem Khalil HSBC - Analyst * Doug Leggate Quadrum - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matt, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Steve Crowe. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;STEVE CROWE, VP & CFO, CHEVRON: Thanks, Matt. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter earnings conference call and webcast. Jim Aleveras, General Manager of Investor Relations, is on the call with me.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2008. We will refer to the slides that are available on the Web.Before we get started, please be reminded that
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 7122 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matt, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Steve Crowe. Please go ahead, sir.STEVE CROWE, VP & CFO, CHEVRON: Thanks, Matt. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter earnings conference call and webcast. Jim Aleveras, General Manager of Investor Relations, is on the call with me.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2008. We will refer to the slides that are available on the Web.&nbsp;Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.I will begin with slide three, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's second-quarter earnings were a record $6 billion or $2.90 per diluted share. Our second-quarter 2008 results were up 11% from the second-quarter 2007. Higher crude oil prices benefited our upstream performance, but had a negative impact on our downstream business. The
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8931 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat Yarrington Chevron Corporation - VP, CFO * Jim Aleveras Chevron Corporation - GM, IR * George Kirkland Chevron Corporation - EVP, Global Upstream and GasConference Call Participants* Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays - Analyst * Evan Calio Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Doug Leggate Howard Weil - Analyst * Michael Lamotte JPMorgan - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP, CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thanks, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter earnings call and webcast. On the call with me today are George Kirkland, Executive Vice President, Global Upstream
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 8386 wordsCorporate Participants* Dave O'Reilly Chevron - Chairman & CEO * Pat Yarrington Chevron - VP & CFOConference Call Participants* Doug Terreson ISI Group - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Co. - Analyst * Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Evan Calio Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie - Analyst * Paul Cheng Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Flannery Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Pavel Molchanov Raymond James - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's third-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Dave O'Reilly. Please go ahead.&nbsp;DAVE O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CHEVRON: Well, thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's third-quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are Pat Yarrington, our CFO, and Jeanette Ourada, General Manager Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9372 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat YarringtonChevron Corporation - VP & CFO* Jeanette OuradaChevron Corporation - GM, IR* Mike WirthChevron Corporation - EVP, Downstream & ChemicalsConference Call Participants* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Research - Analyst* John HerrlinSociete Generale - Analyst* Evan CalioMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Mark GilmanThe Benchmark Company - Analyst* Blake FernandezHoward Weil - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Allen GoodMorningstar - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's third quarter 2011 earnings conference call.At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP & CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's third quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are Mike
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9586 wordsCorporate Participants* John WatsonChevron Corporation - CEO* Pat YarringtonChevron Corporation - CFO* Jeanette OuradaChevron Corporation - IR-General Mgr.Conference Call Participants* Paul SankeyDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Arjun MurtiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Evan CalioMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Mark GilmanThe Benchmark Company - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Company - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. John Watson. Please go ahead.JOHN WATSON, CEO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thanks, Sean, and welcome to everyone to Chevron's fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are Pat Yarrington, you all know, our Chief Financial Officer and Jeanette Ourada, our General Manager of Investor Relations. And
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 10191 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat YarringtonChevron Corporation - VP & CFO* Jeff GustavsonChevron Corporation - General Manager, IR* Mike WirthChevron Corporation - EVP, Downstream & ChemicalsConference Call Participants* Evan CalioMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Doug TerresonISI Group - Analyst* Arjun MurtiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Doug Leggate&nbsp;Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jason GammelMacquarie Research - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's third-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP & CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: All right, thank you, Sean. Welcome to Chevron's third-quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today is Mike Wirth, Executive Vice President, Downstream & Chemicals and Jeff Gustavson, General
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 7535 wordsCorporate Participants* Dave O'Reilly Chevron Corporation - Chairman and CEO * Steve Crowe Chevron Corporation - VP and CFOConference Call Participants* Paul Cheng Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Arjun Murti Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Robert Kessler Simmons & Co. - Analyst * Doug Leggate Citigroup - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * William Thur [WH Reed] - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Eric Milke Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jason Gammel Macquarie - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Dave O'Reilly. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;DAVE O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thank you, Matt. Welcome to Chevron's fourth-quarter earnings conference call and Webcast. I'm joined today by Steve Crowe, our Chief Financial Officer, and Jim Aleveras, General Manager, Investor Relations. Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the fourth quarter, and we'll refer to slides that are available on the Web.Turning to slide 2, before we start, please be reminded that this presentation
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 7448 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Dave O'Reilly. Please go ahead, sir.DAVE O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thank you, Matt. Welcome to Chevron's fourth-quarter earnings conference call and Webcast. I'm joined today by Steve Crowe, our Chief Financial Officer, and Jim Aleveras, General Manager, Investor Relations. Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the fourth quarter, and we'll refer to slides that are available on the Web.Turning to slide 2, before we start, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. I ask you to review the cautionary statement on this slide.&nbsp;I'll begin with slide 3, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's fourth quarter earnings were $4.9 billion, or $2.32 per diluted share. Full-year results of $18.7 billion mark the fourth consecutive year of record earnings. Our fourth-quarter earnings were 29% higher than the fourth quarter of 2006, reflecting higher crude prices, which more than offset weaker downstream results. Fourth-quarter
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 5818 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matt, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Steve Crowe. Please go ahead, sir.STEVE CROWE, VP & CFO, CHEVRON: Thanks, Matt. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter earnings conference call and webcast. Jim Aleveras, General Manager of Investor Relations, is on the call with me today. Our focus is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2008. We will refer to the slides that are available on the Web.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.&nbsp;I will begin with slide three, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first-quarter earnings were $5.2 billion or $2.48 per diluted share. Our first-quarter 2008 earnings were up nearly 10% from the first-quarter 2007, reflecting higher crude oil and natural gas prices, which more than offset weaker downstream results. The first quarter
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 5889 wordsCorporate Participants* Steve Crowe Chevron - VP & CFO * Jim Aleveras Chevron - General Manager, IRConference Call Participants* Paul Sankey Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Paul Cheng Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Doug Leggate Citigroup - Analyst * Mark Flannery Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Gilman Benchmark - Analyst * Erik Mielke Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matt, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Steve Crowe. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;STEVE CROWE, VP & CFO, CHEVRON: Thanks, Matt. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter earnings conference call and webcast. Jim Aleveras, General Manager of Investor Relations, is on the call with me today. Our focus is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2008. We will refer to the slides that are available on the Web.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 9534 wordsCorporate Participants* Pat YarringtonChevron Corporation - VP & CFO* Jeff GustavsonChevron Corporation - General Manager IR* Joe GeageaChevron Corporation - Corporate VP & President, Gas and MidstreamConference Call Participants* Ed WestlakeCredit Suisse - Analyst* Evan CalioMorgan Stanley - Analyst* John HerrlinSociete Generale - Analyst* Doug LeggateBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;* Paul ChengBarclays Capital - Analyst* Faisel KhanCitigroup - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* Roger ReadWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Allen GoodMorningstar - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Jonathan and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call.At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the call over to Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Ms. Pat Yarrington. Please go ahead.PAT YARRINGTON, VP & CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thank you, Jonathan. Welcome to Chevron's third-quarter earnings conference call and webcast.On the call with me today are Joe Geagea, Corporate Vice President and President, Gas & Midstream, and Jeff Gustavson, General Manager, Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 6371 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Mat and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Dave O'Reilly. Please go ahead, sir.DAVE O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Good morning, and welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Today I am joined by Steve Crowe, our Chief Financial Officer, and Irene Melitas, Manager of Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the fourth quarter of 2006. I will refer to the slides that are available on the Web.&nbsp;Before we get started, please be reminded that today's presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. I ask that you review the Safe Harbor statement on slide 2.I will begin with slide 3, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company ended the year with quarterly earnings of $3.8 billion, or $1.74 per diluted share. Full year results of $17.1 billion mark the third consecutive year of record earnings for Chevron.Our fourth quarter earnings were 9% lower compared
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 4716 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matt and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I will now turn the conference over to Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Steve Crowe. Please go ahead, sir.STEVE CROWE, VP AND CFO, CHEVRON: Thank you, Matt. Welcome to Chevron's first-quarter earnings conference call. Today on the call I'm joined by Irene Melitas, Manager of Investor Relations. Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2007. We will refer to the slides that are available on the Web. I remind you that today's presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements, and ask that you review the Safe Harbor statement on slide 2.&nbsp;I will begin with slide 3, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company reported earnings of $4.7 billion for the quarter or $2.18 per diluted share. Earnings were up 18%
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 5057 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matt and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's second-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to the Chairman and CEO of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Dave O'Reilly. Please go ahead, sir.DAVE O'REILLY, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thank you, Matt, and welcome to Chevron's second-quarter earnings conference call. Today, I'm joined by Steve Crowe, Chief Financial Officer and Irene Melitas, Manager of Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2007 and I will refer to the slides that are available on the Web.&nbsp;I will remind you that today's presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements and ask that you review the Safe Harbor statement on slide 2.Turning to slide 3, the Company reported earnings of $5.4 billion in the second quarter, up 24% from the second quarter of 2006.Earnings of $2.52 per diluted share were up 28% from a year ago. The main drivers for the increase were first, a $680 million after-tax gain on the sale of our interest in Dynegy, partially
Chevron Corp.	LENGTH: 7957 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matt, and I will be your conference facilitator today. Welcome to Chevron's third-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I will now turn the conference over to the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Chevron Corporation, Mr. Steve Crowe. Please go ahead, sir.STEVE CROWE, VP & CFO, CHEVRON: Thank you, Matt. Welcome to Chevron's third-quarter earnings conference call.Today on the call I am joined by George Kirkland, Executive Vice President Upstream and Gas; Mike Wirth, Executive Vice President Global Downstream, and Jim Aleveras, General Manager Investor Relations.&nbsp;Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the third quarter of 2007. We will refer to the slides that are available on the Web.I remind you that today's presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements and ask that you review the safe harbor statement on slide two.Turning to slide three, the Company reported earnings of $3.7 billion in the third quarter compared with $5 billion in the third quarter 2006. Earnings of $1.75 per diluted share were down from $2.29 per share reported for the same quarter last year. Both periods reflected
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 12213 wordsCorporate Participants* Hiro Okado NTT DOCOMO Inc. - MD, IR * Ryuji Yamada NTT DOCOMO Inc. - President and CEO * Masayuki Hirata NTT DOCOMO Inc. - SEVP and CFO * Kaoru Kato NTT DOCOMO Inc. - EVP and MD, Corporate Strategy and PlanningConference Call Participants* Hironobu Sawake JP Morgan Securities Japan - Analyst * Mr. Saka Berkeley Capital - Analyst * Hitoshi Hayakawa Credit Suisse - Analyst * Atsuo Takahashi Mizuho Securities - Analyst * Mr. Oshidari JP Morgan - Analyst * Daisaku Masuno Nomura Securities - Analyst * Mr. Towegima Alliance Bernstein - Analyst * Shinji Moriyuki Mitsubishi UFJ Securities - AnalystPresentationHIRO OKADO, MD, IR, NTT DOCOMO INC.: Thank you very much for waiting and thank you very much for coming to this meeting despite your busy schedule. We would now like to start the results announcement for the second quarter, or the first half, for the fiscal year ending March '09. I'm Hiro Okado, Managing Director of the IR Department of NTT DOCOMO. I'll be chairing this section.&nbsp;Please be advised that this session will be broadcast via (inaudible) service, also on a live basis via the Internet. And also the recorded video of this meeting
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 9741 wordsCorporate Participants* Hiro Okado NTT DoCoMo - Managing Director of IR * Ryuji Yamada NTT DoCoMo - President & CEOConference Call Participants* Hitoshi Hayakawa Credit Suisse - Analyst * Daisaku Masuno Nomura Securities - Analyst * Atsuo Takahashi Mizuho Securities - Analyst * Tetsuro Tsusaka Barclays Capital - Analyst * Naoto Osugi Daiwa Securities Institute - Analyst * Daisuke Oshidari JP Morgan - AnalystPresentationHIRO OKADO, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF IR, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon. Thank you very much for coming to this analysts meeting despite your busy schedule. We would now like to start this meeting announcing the results for the first three quarters of the fiscal year ending March 2009.&nbsp;I am Hiro Okado, Managing Director of the IR Department of NTT DoCoMo, and I will be serving as MC for this session. Please understand that the session is broadcast live for via FOMA V-Live service, and the recorded video of this session will be provided through the DoCoMo's online site later on.Now let me present -- introduce to you the participants for this meeting; Mr. Yamada, President & CEO of NTT DoCoMo; Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President; Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Executive Vice President; Mr. Bunya
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 10964 wordsCorporate Participants* Hiro Okado NTT DoCoMo - Managing Director of IR Department * Ryuji Yamada NTT DoCoMo - President and CEO * Kazuto Tsubouchi NTT DoCoMo - CFO * Masatoshi Suzuki NTT DoCoMo - Senior EVP * Kiyoyuki Tsujimura NTT DoCoMo - EVPConference Call Participants* Hitoshi Hayakawa Credit Suisse - Analyst * Daisaku Masuno Nomura Securities - Analyst * Tetsuro Tsusaka Barclays Capital - Analyst * Shinji Moriyuki Mitsubishi UFJ Securities - Analyst * Hironobu Sawake JPMorgan Securities - Analyst * Atsuo Takahashi Mizuho Securities - Analyst * Makio Inui UBS Securities Japan Ltd. - AnalystPresentationHIRO OKADO, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF IR DEPARTMENT, NTT DOCOMO: We would now to start the analysts meeting presenting the results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009. I am Hiro Okado of the IR Department of NTT DoCoMo and I will be serving as the MC for this meeting.&nbsp;Please be advised that this session is broadcast via FOMA V-Live service, via the Internet. And also the recorded video of this session will be provided on demand via DoCoMo's website later on.Now let me introduce the participants from NTT DoCoMo. We have President and CEO Mr. Ryuji Yamada; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr.
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 8482 wordsCorporate Participants* Kazunori YamamotoNTT DOCOMO, INC. - SVP, IR, Managing Director Kyusho Regional Office* Kaoru KatoNTT DOCOMO, INC. - President & CEO* Kazuto TsubouchiNTT DOCOMO, INC. - SEVP, CFO* Kazuhiro YoshizawaNTT DOCOMO, INC. - EVP, Managing Director Corporate Strategy & Planning & Structural Reform Office* Hirotaka SatoNTT DOCOMO, INC. - SVP, Managing Director Accounts & FinanceConference Call Participants&nbsp;* Daisaku MasunoNomura Securities - Analyst* Hitoshi HayakawaCredit Suisse Securities - Analyst* Tetsuro TsusakaMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Yusuke AndoDaiwa Research Institute - Analyst* Yoshiyuki KinoshitaBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Kei TakahashiMizuho Securities - Analyst* Daisuke OshidariJPMorgan - AnalystPresentationKAZUNORI YAMAMOTO, SVP, IR, MANAGING DIRECTOR KYUSHO REGIONAL OFFICE, NTT DOCOMO, INC.: Thank you very much for waiting and we would like to express our gratitude for attending this analyst meeting despite your busy schedule. Now, we would like to start the analyst meeting announcing the results for the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March 2014. I am Yamamoto, Managing Director of the IR department of NTT DOCOMO.Please be advised that this meeting is broadcast live for Internet and smartphone broadcasting service, and also a recorded video will be provided to DOCOMO's webpage later.Let me introduce the participants from NTT DOCOMO. First
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 10765 wordsYOSHIKIYO SAKAI, NTT DOCOMO, HEAD OF IR: [translated] Thank you very much for your patience. First of all let me thank you for sparing your precious time to attend this meeting, despite your busy schedule.I would now like to start the analyst meeting for announcing the results for the first quarter of fiscal year ending March '07. My name is Sakai of the IR department. I'll be presiding this meeting. Please be advised that this session will be broadcast via V-Live on FOMA service and also on the internet on Live. And later on we would like to provide this video an on-demand basis on the internet later on.I would now like to introduce the participants. First of all Mr. Hirata, senior executive and vice president. Mr. Tsujimura, managing director of product and services division. Mr. Ito, managing director of corporate strategy and planning department. Mr. Kumagai, managing director of marketing division. And Mr. Tsubouchi, managing director of accounts and finance department.&nbsp;Let me go through the documents that we are using for this session. One is the earnings release and the other is the slide presentation. As for the timetable for this meeting, actually at the outset Mr.
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 10688 wordsCorporate Participants* Osamu Hirokado NTT DoCoMo - IR * Ryuji Yamada NTT DoCoMo - President and CEO * Kiyoyuki Tsujimura NTT DoCoMo - Senior EVP * Kazuto Tsubouchi NTT DoCoMo - CFO * Kaoru Kato NTT DoCoMo - VP and MD of Corporate Planning and Strategy DepartmentConference Call Participants* Hitoshi Hayakawa Credit Suisse - Analyst * Tetsuro Tsusaka Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mr. Oshtodi JP Morgan - Analyst * Makio Inui UBS - Analyst * Daisaku Masuno Nomura - Analyst * Shinji Moriyuki Nikko Cordial Securities - Analyst * Cecilia Melin Clairvoyance Capital - AnalystPresentationOSAMU HIROKADO, IR, NTT DOCOMO: Thank you very much for waiting. We appreciate your attendance despite your busy schedule. We would now like to start the presentation on the financial results for the first six months of the fiscal year ending March 2011. I am Osamu Hirokado, Managing Director of the IR Department. I will be presiding this meeting.&nbsp;Please be advised that this session will be broadcast live on FOMA and on the Internet. And the recorded video of this presentation will be posted on DoCoMo's IR site for on-demand service. Please be advised of this.Now we would like to introduce the participants
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 11070 wordsCorporate Participants* Hiro Okado NTT Docomo, Inc. - Managing Director, IR * Ryuji Yamada NTT Docomo, Inc. - President and CEOConference Call Participants* Daisaku Masuno Nomura Securities International, Inc. - Analyst * Tetsuro Tsusaka Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ryohei Takahashi Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Atsuo Takahashi Mizuho Securities - Analyst * Shinji Moriyuki Daiwa Institute of Research - AnalystPresentationHIRO OKADO, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, NTT DOCOMO, INC.: (interpreted) Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for taking your precious time to attend this meeting. We would now like to start the analyst meeting presenting the results for the fiscal year ended March 2011.&nbsp;I am Hiro Okado, Managing Director of the IR department of NTT DoCoMo. I will be presiding this meeting.Please be advised that this meeting is broadcast live [on former] and also on the Internet. Also, the recorded video will be provided on DoCoMo's IR site for on-demand distribution.Now, we would like to present the participants from NTT DoCoMo. First we have Ryuji Yamada, President and CEO; next, Kiyoyuki Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President. We also have Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Executive Vice President. Next is Executive Vice President for Consumer Marketing, Mr. Bunya Kumagai.We also
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 9094 wordsCorporate Participants* Hiro OkadoNTT DOCOMO Inc. - IR Department* Ryuji YamadaNTT DOCOMO Inc. - President and CEO* Kazuto TsubouchiNTT DOCOMO Inc. - EVP, CFO* Kiyoyuki TsujimuraNTT DOCOMO Inc. - Senior EVP* Masatoshi SuzukiNTT DOCOMO Inc. - Senior EVPConference Call Participants* Tetsuro TsusakaMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Daisaku MasunoNomura Securities - Analyst* Atsuo TakahashiMizuho Securities - Analyst* Shinji MoriyukiSMBC Nikko - AnalystPresentationHIRO OKADO, IR DEPARTMENT, NTT DOCOMO INC.: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for sparing your precious time for attending. This analyst meeting we're announcing the results for the fiscal year ended March 2012. I am Hiro Okado from the IR department and I'll be presiding this meeting.Now, please be advised that this meeting is broadcast live on our telephone service as well as on the Internet, and recorded video of this meeting will be distributed through DOCOMO's IR website later on.Now we would like to introduce the representatives from NTT DOCOMO. First, we have the President and CEO, Mr. Ryuji Yamada, good afternoon to you. We also have Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Masatoshi&Acirc;&nbsp;Suzuki; Executive Vice President and CFO, Mr. Kazuto&Acirc;&nbsp;Tsubouchi; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 9986 wordsCorporate Participants* Kazunori YamamotoNTT DoCoMo Inc - Managing Director, IR* Kaoru KatoNTT DoCoMo Inc - CEO* Fumio IwasakiNTT DoCoMo Inc - Senior EVP* Hirotaka SatoNTT DoCoMo Inc - MD Accounts and FinanceConference Call Participants* Daisaku MasunoNomura Securities - Analyst* Hitoshi HayakawaCredit Suisse Securities (Japan) - Analyst* Hideaki TanakaMitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley - Analyst&nbsp;* Tetsuro TsusakaMorgan Stanley MUFG Securities - Analyst* Atsuo TakahashiMizuho Securities - Analyst* Hitoshi HosoyaJP Morgan Securities Japan - Analyst* Shinji MoriyukiSMBC Nikko Securities - AnalystPresentationKAZUNORI YAMAMOTO, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, NTT DOCOMO INC: Thank you very much for waiting. We appreciate your presence, or attendance, despite your busy schedule.We will now like to start the meeting, announcing the results for the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March 2013. I am Yamamoto, Managing Director of the IR Department. I'll now be serving as MC for this meeting.Please be advised that this meeting will be broadcast via Internet and also on mobile phones live, and also a recorded video of this meeting will be distributed through DoCoMo's website later on.Now I will like to introduce the participants from NTT DoCoMo. First of all, we have President and CEO, Mr. Kaoru Kato.KAORU KATO, CEO, NTT DOCOMO INC:
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 11617 wordsCorporate Participants* Osamu Hirokado NTT DoCoMo - IR Department * Ryuji Yamada NTT DoCoMo - President & CEO * Kazuto Tsubouchi NTT DoCoMo - EVP & CFO * Kiyoyuki Tsujimura NTT DoCoMo - Senior EVP, Multimedia Services & TechnologyConference Call Participants* Makio Inui UBS Securities - Analyst * Tetsuro Tsusaka Barclays Capital - Analyst * Shinji Moriyuki Mitsubishi UFJ Securities - Analyst * Hitoshi Hayakawa Credit Suisse - Analyst * Hisataka Soejima AllianceBernstein - Analyst * Atsuo Takahashi Mizuho Securities - Analyst * Daisuke Oshidari JP Morgan - Analyst * Daisaku Masuno Nomura Securities - AnalystPresentationOSAMU HIROKADO, IR DEPARTMENT, NTT DOCOMO: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for coming to this meeting despite your busy schedule. We would like to start the presentation of the financial results announcement for fiscal 2009 ended March 2010. I am Hirokado of the IR Department. I will be presiding this meeting. For today's meeting please be advised that this session is provided live through video. And also later on we will be providing a recorded video on an on-demand basis from our website.&nbsp;Let me introduce the participants from NTT DoCoMo. First of all, we have Mr. Ryuji Yamada, President and CEO.
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 7493 wordsCorporate Participants* Osamu Hirokado NTT DoCoMo - MD IR * Ryuji Yamada NTT DoCoMo - President & CEO * Kiyoyuki Tsujimura NTT DoCoMo - SEVPConference Call Participants* Tetsuro Tsusaka Barclays Securities - Analyst * Mr. Masuda Nomura Securities - AnalystPresentationOSAMU HIROKADO, MD IR, NTT DOCOMO: Thank you very much for waiting. We appreciate your attendance today despite your busy schedule. From now we would like to start the analysts meeting announcing the results for the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March 2011. My name is Hirokado, Managing Director of the IR Department of NTT DoCoMo. I will be serving as MC for this meeting. Please be aware that this session is broadcast live on FOMA and over the Internet. And the recorded video of this meeting will be provided later through DoCoMo's website on an on-demand basis.Now let me explain or present the participants from NTT DoCoMo. We have Mr. Ryuji Yamada, President and CEO of the Company; Kiyoyuki Tsujimura Senior Executive Vice President; Mr. Bunya Kumagai, our Executive Vice President responsible for Consumer Marketing; Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mr. Kaoru Kato, Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 10839 wordsCorporate Participants* Kazunori YamamotoNTT Docomo Inc. - Head of IR* Kaoru KatoNTT Docomo Inc. - President & CEO* Fumio IwasakiNTT Docomo - Senior EVP* Kazuhiro YoshizawaNTT Docomo Inc. - EVP, Managing Director of Corporate Strategy & Planning DepartmentConference Call Participants* Daisaku MasunoNomura Securities - Analyst* Tetsuro TsusakaMorgan Stanley - Analyst&nbsp;* Yoshiyuki KinoshitaMerrill Lynch - Analyst* Hitoshi HayakawaCredit Suisse - Analyst* Kei TakahashiMizuho Securities - Analyst* Shinji MoriyukiSMBC Nikko Securities - Analyst* Hitoshi HosoyaJPMorgan - Analyst* Mr. YasudaASK Research Institute - AnalystPresentationKAZUNORI YAMAMOTO, HEAD OF IR, NTT DOCOMO INC.: Thank you very much for waiting. And we thank you very much for attending this meeting despite your busy schedule. We would now like to commence NTT Docomo analyst meeting, announcing the results for the first nine months of the fiscal year ending March 2013.I am Yamamoto, Head of IR. I will be presiding this meeting. Please be advised that this session is broadcast live via the Internet and also on smartphones. Also a recorded video of this meeting will be posted on Docomo's website for distribution on demand. Please be advised of these things.Now I would like to introduce the participants from NTT Docomo. Here with us are Mr.
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 9370 wordsCorporate Participants* Kazunori YamamotoNTT Docomo Inc - Managing Director, IR* Kaoru KatoNTT Docomo Inc - President and CEOConference Call Participants* Tetsuro TsusakaMorgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. - Analyst* Hitoshi HayakawaCredit Suisse Securities (Japan) Ltd. - Analyst* Yoshiyuki KinoshitaMerrill Lynch Japan Securities Co., Ltd. - Analyst* Ikuo MatsuhashiGoldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationKAZUNORI YAMAMOTO, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, NTT DOCOMO INC: Thank you very much for waiting. And we thank you very much for attending this meeting despite your busy schedule. We would now like to start the analyst meeting announcing the results for the fiscal year ended March 2013. I am Yamamoto, Managing Director of IR Department, and I'll be presiding this meeting.Please be advised that this meeting is broadcast live via internet and also on smartphones and the recorded video of this meeting will be distributed to DOCOMO's webpage on an on-demand basis.Now let me introduce the participants from NTT DOCOMO. We have Mr. Kaoru Kato, President and CEO; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Tsubouchi; also Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki; Executive Vice President Responsible for Consumer Sales, Mr. Takashi Tanaka; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr.
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 8548 wordsCorporate Participants* Hiro Okado NTT DoCoMo - Head of IR * Yamada Ryuji NTT DoCoMo - President & CEO * Kiyoyuki Tsujimura NTT DoCoMo - Senior EVPConference Call Participants* Hironobu Sawake JPMorgan - Analyst * Atsuo Takahashi Mizuho Securities - Analyst * Daisaku Masuno The Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. - Analyst * Tetsuro Tsusaka Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Shinji Moriyuki Mitsubishi UFJ - AnalystPresentationHIRO OKADO, HEAD OF IR, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon to you, and thank you very much for coming to this meeting despite your busy schedule. We will now like to start the results announcements for the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March 2009. I am the Head of IR of NTT DoCoMo, my name is Hiro Okado and I will like to be chairing this meeting.&nbsp;Please be advised that this session will be broadcast V-Live via -- from a V-Live service on a live basis and also on Internet and later on through DoCoMo's investor relations site we will hope to provide a video footage of this on an on-demand basis, please be advised.Now let me introduce the participants. We have Mr. Yamada Ryuji, President and CEO.YAMADA RYUJI, PRESIDENT & CEO, NTT
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 8475 wordsHIRO OKADO, HEAD OF IR, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon to you, and thank you very much for coming to this meeting despite your busy schedule. We will now like to start the results announcements for the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March 2009. I am the Head of IR of NTT DoCoMo, my name is Hiro Okado and I will like to be chairing this meeting.Please be advised that this session will be broadcast V-Live via -- from a V-Live service on a live basis and also on Internet and later on through DoCoMo's investor relations site we will hope to provide a video footage of this on an on-demand basis, please be advised.Now let me introduce the participants. We have Mr. Yamada Ryuji, President and CEO.&nbsp;YAMADA RYUJI, PRESIDENT & CEO, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon to you all.HIRO OKADO: We also have Mr. Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President.KIYOYUKI TSUJIMURA, SENIOR EVP, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon.HIRO OKADO: Senior Executive Vice President, Masatoshi Suzuki; Executive Vice President responsible for consumer sales, Mr. Bunya Kumagai; Managing Director for Accounts and Finance Department and CFO, Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi, and finally Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kato.As
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 10593 wordsCorporate Participants* Osamu Hirokado NTT DoCoMo - Head of IR * Ryuji Yamada NTT DoCoMo - President & CEO * Kazuto Tsubouchi NTT DoCoMo - EVP Finance & Accounts & CFO * Kaoru Kato NTT DoCoMo - EVP Corporate Strategy & Planning Department * Masatoshi Suzuki NTT DoCoMo - Senior Executive Vice PresidentConference Call Participants* Hitoshi Hayakawa Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mr. Siwojima AllianceBernstein - Analyst * Daisaku Masuno Nomura Securities - Analyst * Atsuo Takahashi Mizuho Securities - Analyst * Hironobu Sawake JP Morgan - Analyst * Tetsuro Tsusaka Barclays Capital Japan - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OSAMU HIROKADO, HEAD OF IR, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon to you all and thank you very much for coming despite your busy schedule. We would now like to start the analysts meeting of NTT DoCoMo announcing the results for the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March 2010. I am Hirokado of the IR Department of NTT DoCoMo and I would like to serve as MC for this meeting. Please be advised that this session is broadcast via FOMA Vlive service live on Internet. And also the recorded video of this presentation would be distributed through DoCoMo's web page separately.Now let me
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 11080 wordsCorporate Participants* Osamu Hirokado NTT DoCoMo - IR Department * Ryuji Yamada NTT DoCoMo - President & CEO * Kazuto Tsubouchi NTT DoCoMo - EVP and CFO * Bunya Kumagai NTT DoCoMo - Executive Vice President for Consumer MarketingConference Call Participants* Atsuo Takahashi Mizuho Securities - Analyst * Hironobu Sawake JP Morgan - Analyst * Tetsuro Tsusaka Barclays Capital Japan - Analyst * Daisaku Masuno Nomura Securities - Analyst * Shinji Moriyuki Mitsubishi UFJ Securities - Analyst * Hitoshi Hayawaka Credit Suisse - Analyst * Hisataka Soejima AllianceBernstein - AnalystPresentationOSAMU HIROKADO, IR DEPARTMENT, NTT DOCOMO: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for coming to this analyst's meeting. We will now like to start this presentation for analysts, presenting the results for the first two quarters of the fiscal year ending March 2010. I am Hirokado of the IR Department. I will be serving as MC for this meeting. Please be advised that this meeting is broadcast via (inaudible) live service and also on the live by Internet. And later we will be providing the recorded video of this meeting through the Internet for on demand service.&nbsp;Now let me introduce the participants from NTT DoCoMo. We have Mr.
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 13239 wordsCorporate Participants* Hiro OkadoNTT DoCoMo Inc. - IR Department* Ryuji YamadaNTT DoCoMo Inc. - President and CEO* Kazuto TsubouchiNTT DoCoMo Inc. - EVP and CFO* Kiyoyuki TsujimuraNTT DoCoMo Inc. - Senior EVPConference Call Participants* Makio InuiUBS Securities - Analyst* Hitoshi HayakawaCredit Suisse Securities - Analyst* Daisaku MasunoNomura Securities - Analyst* Atsuo TakahashiMizuho Securities - Analyst* Tetsuro TsusakaMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Shinji MoriyukiSMBC Nikko Securities - Analyst* Hitoshi HosoyaJP Morgan - AnalystPresentationHIRO OKADO, IR DEPARTMENT, NTT DOCOMO INC.: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for sparing your precious time to attend this meeting. Now we would like to start this analysts' meeting, reporting the results for the first three-quarters of the fiscal year ending March 2012. My name is Hiro Okado of IR Department and I'll be presiding this meeting. Now, please be advised that this meeting is broadcast live on -- from a V-Live service and also on the Internet. And also a recorded video of this meeting will be distributed on demand from NTT DoCoMo's website.Now I would like to introduce the participants from NTT DoCoMo. First of all, we have Mr. Ryuji Yamada, President and CEO; Senior Executive Vice President Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura; Executive Vice
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 10460 wordsCorporate Participants* Kazunori YamamotoNTT DOCOMO INC - Managing Director, IR* Kaoru KatoNTT DOCOMO INC - President and CEO* Fumio IwasakiNTT DOCOMO INC - Senior EVP, Chief Privacy Officer* Hirotaka SatoNTT DOCOMO INC - Senior VP* Kazuto TsubouchiNTT DOCOMO INC - Senior EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Daisaku MasunoNomura Securities - Analyst&nbsp;* Tetsuro TsusakaMorgan Stanley - Analyst* YamashinaBNP Paribas - Analyst* Hitoshi HayakawaCredit Suisse - Analyst* Yoshiyuki KinoshitaMerrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationKAZUNORI YAMAMOTO, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, NTT DOCOMO INC: Thank you very much for waiting, and thank you very much for attending this press conference despite your busy schedule. We would now like to commence NTT DOCOMO's analyst meeting announcing the results for the first half of the fiscal year ending March 2013. I am Yamamoto of the IR Department, and I'll be serving as MC for this meeting. Please be advised that this session is broadcast via live service on cellular phones as well as the Internet, and also a recorded video of this meeting will be provided through DOCOMO's website for on-demand distribution.Now, I would like to introduce to you the participants from NTT DOCOMO. We have Mr. Kaoru Kato, President and CEO; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Kazuto
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 12160 wordsYOSHIKIYO SAKAI, HEAD OF IR, NTT DOCOMO: Thank you very much for waiting. And thank you very much for gathering for this meeting despite your very busy schedule. We would now like to start the analyst meeting, presenting the results for the first three quarters of the fiscal year ending March '08. I am Sakai of the IR Department of NTT DoCoMo and I will be presiding this meeting.Please be advised that this session is broadcast via FOMA V-Live service and also via the Internet. The video recorded session of this meeting will be provided on an on-demand basis.Now at the outset I would like to introduce the participants to this meeting, first Mr. Hirata, Senior Executive Vice President of the Company. We also have Mr. Utano, our CTO and the Managing Director of the Research and Development Division, Mr. Tsujimura, Managing Director of Products and Services Division, Mr. Futatsugi, Managing Director of Network Division, Mr. Kumagai, Managing Director of Marketing Division, Mr. Ito, Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department and Mr. Tsubouchi, Managing Director of Accounts and Finance Department.&nbsp;We have prepared three sets of documents for this meeting. First is the earnings release. Second is
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 11150 wordsCorporate Participants* Yoshikiyo Sakai NTT DoCoMo - Head of IR * Masao Nakamura NTT DoCoMo - President & CEO * Kiyoyuki Tsujimura NTT DoCoMo - MD Product % Service DivisionConference Call Participants* Oshi Dari JP Morgan - Analyst * Tetsuro Tsusaka Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Daisaku Masuno Nomura Securities - Analyst * Atsuo Takahashi Mizuho Securities - Analyst * Hironobu Sawake JP Morgan - Analyst * Shinji Moriyuki Mitsubishi UFJ Securities - Analyst * Hitoshi Hayakawa Credit Suisse - Analyst * Yasumasa Goda Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationYOSHIKIYO SAKAI, HEAD OF IR, NTT DOCOMO: Thank you very much for waiting. We would now like to start this analysts' meeting, and thank you very much for sparing your precious time to attend this meeting.&nbsp;We will now begin the presentation concerning the results for the year ended March '08. I am Sakai of the IR department and I will be chairing this session.Please be advised that this session will be broadcast via [form of vlive] service, also on a live basis via the Internet and also a recorded video of this session will be provided, on demand, through DoCoMo's website.Let me introduce the participants to today's meeting. First of all,
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 13310 wordsCorporate Participants* &auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent; - &auml;&raquo;&pound;&egrave;&iexcl;&uml;&aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot; * &aelig;&shy;OE&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&shy;&aelig;&sup3;o &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;?&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent; - &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&aring;[#x2039][TM]&aring;Y&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;?&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&ccedil;&nbsp;&quot;&ccedil;&copy;&para;&eacute;-[#x2039]&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot; * &egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;&cedil;...&egrave;&iexcl;OE &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;?&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent; - &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&aring;[#x2039][TM]&aring;Y&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;?[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&iuml;&frac14;+&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot; * &auml;&ordm;OE&aelig;oe&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;&sup2;&raquo;&aelig;[#x2c6] &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent; - &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&aring;[#x2039][TM]&aring;Y&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot; * &ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent; - &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&aring;[#x2039][TM]&aring;Y&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot; * &auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]++&aelig;[#x2dc]&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent; - &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;Y&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&ccedil;&micro;OE&aring;-&para;&auml;&frac14;&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot; * &aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent; - &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;Y&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&egrave;&sup2;&iexcl;&aring;[#x2039][TM]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot; * &atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent; - &iuml;&frac14;&copy;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* &aring;&iquest;&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&raquo;[#x2039] &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&egrave;&uml;--&eacute;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;OE - &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6] * &aelig;&acute;&yen;&aring;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&sup1;&eacute;[#x192][#x17d] &atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&para;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil; - &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6] * &aring;&cent;--&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&frac12;oe &eacute;++[#x17d]&aelig;?&egrave;&shy;[0/00]&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil; - &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6] * &eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil; - &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6] * &auml;&frac12;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;?[#x20ac]&aring;[#x161]&auml;&iquest;&iexcl; &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil; - &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;?[#x2c6] * &aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil; - &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6] * &aring;[0/00]&macr;&aring;&sup3;&para; &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3; - &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6] * &aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo; &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil; - &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6] * &aring;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;&sup3;&deg;&aelig;&quot;&iquest; &atilde;?&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&aelig;--&yen;&aelig;oe&not;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil; - &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]Presentation&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;, &iuml;&frac14;&copy;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;: &atilde;[#x160]&aring;&frac34;...&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;&iquest;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;[#x203a]+&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&ordf;&nbsp;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;oeY&aelig;oeY&aelig;oe&laquo;&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;-[#x2039]&aring;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;[#x2039]?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&iuml;&frac14;&copy;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&iuml;&frac14;[0/00]&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&uml;&iexcl;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;&para;&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]-&auml;&cedil;&shy;&ccedil;&para;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&quot;Y&auml;&cedil;&shy;&ccedil;&para;[TM]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x160]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;OE&sup2;&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&aelig;[#x2dc]&nbsp;&aring;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac34;OE&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&copy;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&eacute;...&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&auml;&ordm;+&aelig;[0/00]&iquest;&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac14;[#x160]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&aring;++&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&shy;&egrave;[#x20ac]...&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&quot;&ccedil;&acute;&sup1;&auml;&raquo;[#x2039]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&raquo;&pound;&egrave;&iexcl;&uml;&aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;, &auml;&raquo;&pound;&egrave;&iexcl;&uml;&aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot;: &ccedil;[#x161]+&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &ccedil;&nbsp;&quot;&ccedil;&copy;&para;&eacute;-[#x2039]&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&shy;OE&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&shy;OE&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&shy;&aelig;&sup3;o &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;, &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&aring;[#x2039][TM]&aring;Y&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&ccedil;&nbsp;&quot;&ccedil;&copy;&para;&eacute;-?&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;: &atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;?--&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;?[#x2c6]&iuml;&frac14;+&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&aelig;?&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;&cedil;...&egrave;&iexcl;OE &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;, &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&aring;[#x2039][TM]&aring;?&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&iuml;&frac14;+&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;: &egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;?&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&ordm;OE&aelig;oe&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&auml;&ordm;OE&aelig;oe&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;&sup2;&raquo;&aelig;[#x2c6] &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;, &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&aring;[#x2039][TM]&aring;Y&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;?&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?&macr;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;: &auml;&ordm;OE&aelig;oe&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;?&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;?++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;?&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;, &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&aring;[#x2039]?&aring;Y&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;?&middot;: &ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &ccedil;&micro;OE&aring;-&para;&auml;&frac14;&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;-&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]++&aelig;[#x2dc]&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;, &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;?&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&ccedil;&micro;?&aring;-&para;&auml;&frac14;&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&eacute;?&uml;&eacute;o&middot;: &auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;?&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &egrave;&sup2;&iexcl;&aring;[#x2039][TM]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;, &aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;Y&middot;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&egrave;&sup2;&iexcl;&aring;[#x2039][TM]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;: &aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aelig;oe&not;&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup3;++&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;Y&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&sup3;&ccedil;Y&shy;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;OE&aring;+...&egrave;&uml;&sup3;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&aring;oe&deg;&aring;YY&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]&auml;&frac12;&micro;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;Y&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&ccedil;&micro;[#x201e]&ccedil;&sup1;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aelig;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&shy;&ccedil;&sect;&raquo;&ccedil;&reg;&iexcl;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;Y&yen;&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&egrave;++&ordf;&aring;&middot;&plusmn;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&aring;-&aring;&frac34;?&egrave;&shy;&deg;&aelig;&iexcl;[#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&ccedil;&middot;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;[#x2dc]&egrave;&shy;&deg;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;Y&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&ccedil;?&sup1;&atilde;?&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&egrave;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?[#x201a]&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&egrave;&iexcl;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&aring;&frac14;[#x160]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&auml;&raquo;&pound;&egrave;&iexcl;&uml;&aring;-&ccedil;&middot;&nbsp;&aring;&frac12;&sup1;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&sect;&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&ccedil;?'&aring;&iquest;oe&ccedil;&shy;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&eacute;-&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&auml;&ordm;+&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&eacute;[#x17d]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&ccedil;?'&aring;&iquest;oe&ccedil;&shy;&quot;&atilde;?'&aring;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;+&aelig;&yen;&aelig;[#x192]...&aring;&nbsp;&plusmn;&ccedil;&shy;[0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&sup3;&ccedil;&plusmn;&sup3;&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&iuml;&frac14;&sup3;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&iuml;&frac14;&pound;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;'&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&brvbar;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;?&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;?&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;-[#x2039]&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;?[#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aelig;oe&not;&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&iquest;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;[#x203a]+&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe&not;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&brvbar;[#x201a]&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&aring;...[#x192]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup3;++&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;oeY&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;...&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;...+&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;...&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;&sect;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&cent;--&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;?Y&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&yen;&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&ccedil;&cedil;&frac34;&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a]?&atilde;?&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;?&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;...?&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;...&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&aring;&cent;--&aring;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&cent;--&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;?&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;?+&atilde;&uml;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&aring;&cent;--&aring;[#x160]&nbsp;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x201e]&ccedil;&laquo;[#x2039]&aelig;[#x203a]&iquest;&eacute;++'&atilde;OE&aring;&cent;--&aring;[#x160]&nbsp;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;?[#x201a]&ccedil;?[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;&brvbar;&aring;[#x203a]&nbsp;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;?&atilde;?[#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;?&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;oeY&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&macr;&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aelig;&macr;?&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;[#x201e]?&aring;++&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&aelig;oeY&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;?&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;?'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2dc]&uml;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&deg;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&shy;[0/00]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x2039]&iexcl;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aelig;[#x2dc]&uml;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&deg;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&aelig;[#x2039]&iexcl;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&eacute;[#x203a]&raquo;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;OE&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;&brvbar;&aring;[#x203a]&nbsp;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;Y&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&ccedil;&shy;[0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&raquo;&pound;&ccedil;+&aring;&ordm;--&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&aelig;o&deg;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&copy;&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&eacute;[#x20ac]&pound;&aring;[#x2039]o&ccedil;&micro;OE&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&sup1;...&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&aring;[#x17d]Y&aring;?&nbsp;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;?&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;oeY&aelig;&yen;&shy;&ccedil;&cedil;&frac34;&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a]?&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;+?&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a]?&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;...+&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e]?&aring;++&atilde;[#x20ac]?&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2dc]&uml;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&deg;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;-&deg;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&aring;?&para;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[TM]&reg;&aring;[#x160]&atilde;OE&aelig;?&not;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aring;OE?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&eacute;[#x203a]&raquo;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&aelig;&copy;Y&aring;[TM]&uml;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&eacute;[#x203a]&raquo;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&eacute;&iexcl;&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;?&ccedil;&shy;[0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x17d]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?[#x2039]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&micro;&cedil;&eacute;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&aelig;&copy;Y&aring;[TM]&uml;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&cent;--&aring;[#x160]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;?&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&aring;'&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201e]&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;+&egrave;&laquo;&cedil;&ccedil;&micro;OE&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&cent;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;OE&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&uml;&shy;&aring;[#x201a]?&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&aelig;[#x160]'&aring;[#x2c6]&para;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&aring;OE&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201e]&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;--&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;...[#x2c6]&aelig;--&yen;&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&egrave;&iexcl;&uml;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&ccedil;'&deg;&aring;&cent;[#x192]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aring;OE-&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&cedil;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac14;[#x160]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;Y&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&aelig;[0/00]&iquest;&ccedil;Y&yen;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;--&yen;&aelig;oe&not;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&eacute;[#x203a]&raquo;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&para;...&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x2c6]&ccedil;+Y&aelig;oeY&atilde;&laquo;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;&ordf;&egrave;&shy;[#x2dc]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&aelig;&copy;Y&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&aring;&deg;[#x17d]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;&pound;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;?&aelig;&para;[#x2c6]&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&egrave;[#x20ac]?&atilde;[#x192][#x2039]&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&aring;OE-&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;?OE&aelig;[TM]&macr;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&aring;&deg;[#x17d]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;&pound;&atilde;&cedil;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&frac12;&reg;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&ordf;&egrave;&shy;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;?&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&pound;&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;?&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;Y&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&frac14;[#x160]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&ordm;?&egrave;&para;&sup3;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;?&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;&middot;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;?&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&macr;[0/00]&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&eacute;&copy;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&ccedil;&shy;-&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&aring;&reg;&pound;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;?&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?[#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&ordm;?&egrave;&para;&sup3;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&aring;'&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a]?&ccedil;&micro;[#x201e]&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&ccedil;&sup2;&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&eacute;[#x2dc]&sup2;&aelig;&shy;&cent;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;-&cent;&auml;&iquest;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&middot;&plusmn;&atilde;o&atilde;&uml;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&eacute;++&egrave;&brvbar;-&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&frac34;&aring;oe&uml;&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;o&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&laquo;?&atilde;&iexcl;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&frac12;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&egrave;&brvbar;-&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;?&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;?&ccedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;-&frac12;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;?'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aelig;?&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aelig;&acute;&raquo;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&reg;&aring;...&uml;&egrave;[#x2c6]&not;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&aring;'&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?[#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;?&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;Y&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;&atilde;?&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&deg;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&aring;'&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;[#x203a]&cedil;&auml;&sup1;--&aring;?&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;[#x201a]?&aelig;?Y&aring;&frac34;...&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&reg;?&eacute;&iexcl;&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&ccedil;&quot;Y&aelig;&acute;&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&aring;[#x2c6]+&eacute;++?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&eacute;-[#x2039]&ccedil;?&ordm;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;Y&ordm;&atilde;&yen;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;?&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;Y&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&deg;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&copy;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;Y&atilde;&ordf;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;OE&aelig;[#x2dc]&uml;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aelig;oe&laquo;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;Y&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;?&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;&cedil;&aelig;[#x160][#x17e]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;??&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&ordf;&ccedil;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&sup3;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&deg;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&aelig;[#x2dc]++&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;...&aring;&deg;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&aelig;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;Y&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&deg;?&aring;...&yen;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&aelig;oe?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x203a][#x203a]&aring;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;OE&aelig;oeY&aelig;&macr;&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;?&curren;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;?&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?&atilde;o&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;-&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;?&frac12;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;[0/00]&quot;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;?&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&aring;'&aelig;?&sect;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x203a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aring;[#x2dc]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;?o&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;?&atilde;?[0/00]&aring;[#x20ac][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]...&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&quot;Y&aelig;&acute;&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;&cedil;&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&aring;&plusmn;o&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&aring;[#x2c6]+&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;-[#x2039]&aelig;[#x2039]&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac14;[#x160]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;OE&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&iexcl;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&eacute;++&aring;[#x2c6]&para;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&eacute;&iexcl;&aring;[#x2c6]&para;&atilde;&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&sect;&raquo;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&frac34;&atilde;[#x20ac]...&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&cedil;&reg;&aring;&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&eacute;++&aring;[#x2c6]&para;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&aelig;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&auml;&iquest;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&eacute;&iexcl;&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;[#x20ac][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&aelig;&auml;&frac34;?&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;Y&ordm;&atilde;&yen;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;?&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][#x201e]&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&quot;Y&aelig;&acute;&raquo;&atilde;?&cent;&atilde;?&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;?&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;?&laquo;&aring;&ordm;[#x192]&aring;'?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192][TM]&atilde;[#x192][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;?&cent;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;?&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&ccedil;'&deg;&aring;&cent;[#x192]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&acute;&aring;[#x201a]?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&aelig;?&iexcl;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;&micro;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&aring;+...&aring;&curren;-&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac14;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&atilde;&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&aring;++&ordm;&egrave;&sup3;++&aelig;&aelig;&ordm;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&sup3;o&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&aelig;&auml;&frac34;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[#x160][#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;[#x20ac]?&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&eacute;&iexcl;&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;[#x2039]&iexcl;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac12;...&iuml;&frac12;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&reg;Y&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac14;&middot;&aring;OE-&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&ordm;[#x192]&aring;'[#x160]&aring;&ordf;'&auml;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&aring;'&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;&sup3;&iuml;&frac14;&curren;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]'&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&aring;&iquest;oe&atilde;--&atilde;Y&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&eacute;[#x20ac]&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac14;&middot;&aring;OE-&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[#x160][#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x203a][#x203a]&aring;[#x160]&aelig;oe?&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&middot;&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;&acute;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;...[#x2c6]&eacute;&sect;+&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&eacute;-[#x2039]&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;+&aelig;&yen;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;&cent;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]?&ccedil;?&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&plusmn;o&eacute;-[#x2039]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&curren;oe&egrave;&uml;[#x17d]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&aring;Y&ordm;&aring;oe&deg;&aring;&plusmn;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&deg;'&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&nbsp;&aelig;oe[0/00]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&eacute;[#x20ac]Y&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&reg;&sup1;&eacute;++&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&reg;&sup1;&eacute;++&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;++&ordf;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&ccedil;&quot;Y&aelig;&acute;&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aring;&iquest;[#x192]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&curren;&iuml;&frac14;&pound;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&deg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]'&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&deg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;?&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]+&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;&sect;&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&shy;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&plusmn;o&eacute;-[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?[#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&micro;&middot;&aring;&curren;-&aelig;&cedil;&iexcl;&egrave;[#x2c6]&ordf;&egrave;[#x20ac]...&aring;'&atilde;'&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&aring;......&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aelig;&micro;&middot;&aring;&curren;-&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;--&yen;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&auml;&frac14;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aring;&iquest;[#x192]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&micro;&middot;&aring;&curren;-&aelig;[#x2039]&nbsp;&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;--&yen;&aelig;oe&not;&atilde;?'&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&sup3;o&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;&auml;&frac34;[#x203a]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&aring;&curren;&ordf;&aring;&sup1;&sup3;&aelig;&acute;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aring;&iquest;[#x192]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&auml;&frac14;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&atilde;&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&aring;++&ordm;&egrave;&sup3;++&aelig;&aelig;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;?&deg;&atilde;Y&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&aring;&plusmn;o&eacute;-[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&aelig;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;?OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;?&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&cent;--&aring;[#x160]&nbsp;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&laquo;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&sect;&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;&sup3;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;?&deg;&aelig;&copy;Y&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&eacute;[#x203a]&raquo;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&aelig;&copy;?&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&yen;&frac12;&egrave;&copy;o&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]+&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;?&aring;&reg;[#x161]&eacute;&iexcl;&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;?[#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x2039]&iexcl;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;??&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;-&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&egrave;&frac14;[#x192]&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac14;&plusmn;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&eacute;++&aring;[#x2c6]&para;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&eacute;&iexcl;&aring;?&para;&atilde;&cedil;&ccedil;&sect;&raquo;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x192][TM]&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;[TM]&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;?+&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&cent;--&aring;[#x17d]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]?&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&quot;Y&aelig;&acute;&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&curren;&iuml;&frac14;&pound;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&atilde;&macr;&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;?&yen;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;...&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;&shy;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&laquo;&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e]?&aring;++&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;?&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e]?&aring;++&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2039]&ccedil;&macr;[0/00]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&para;...&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&quot;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&aring;&quot;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;&quot;&sup1;&aring;-[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;?&macr;&atilde;?&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&reg;&sup1;&eacute;++&aring;&macr;&frac34;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;&sup3;&iuml;&frac14;&curren;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&aring;OE-&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;-&atilde;?[#x160]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201e]&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;?&not;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;?&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&auml;&frac34;[#x203a]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&ccedil;[#x2039]&not;&egrave;++&ordf;&auml;&raquo;o&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&micro;&middot;&aring;&curren;-&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x203a]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&aring;&macr;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;&uml;[TM]&aelig;&ordm;-&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x192][TM]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aring;&iquest;[#x192]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;?&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;?&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&uml;&aring;'&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;?OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&frac14;[0/00]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;[#x2039]&not;&egrave;++&ordf;&auml;&raquo;o&aelig;&sect;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;&micro;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;?&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;??&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&auml;&cedil;-&ccedil;oOE&aring;[#x201e]&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&aring;...&plusmn;&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&aring;&sup3;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x203a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;OE&aelig;&micro;&middot;&aring;&curren;?&atilde;&cedil;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&aring;&curren;-&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&deg;&auml;&cedil;-&ccedil;oOE&atilde;&cedil;&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&aelig;?Y&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aring;&frac34;OE&aring;[#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;[#x160]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x160]&aelig;?[#x201a]&eacute;-&quot;&atilde;?'&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&laquo;&aring;'&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&eacute;[#x2039]&shy;&aelig;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;OE&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&macr;&aring;...&uml;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;?&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;--&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]?&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&eacute;?&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&aring;OE-&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;[#x203a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&cedil;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;[#x2c6]&auml;&frac12;&micro;&atilde;?'&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&micro;[#x201e]&ccedil;&sup1;&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;&iquest;?&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&iquest;...&eacute;[#x20ac]Y&aring;?-&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?'&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]&para;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&raquo;[#x192]&aelig;&shy;&cent;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;?o&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&ordf;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]&para;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&aring;OE-&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&shy;&ccedil;&cedil;&frac34;&atilde;&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&aring;?-&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;?&sup1;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&aring;?-&egrave;++&ordf;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;?&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;--&atilde;?&egrave;&brvbar;&aring;[#x203a]&nbsp;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;?oe&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&frac34;&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;&cedil;&egrave;&brvbar;&aring;?&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]?&eacute;...&ccedil;&frac12;&reg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;&aring;&quot;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]?&ccedil;&sect;&raquo;&egrave;&iexcl;?&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x201e]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&aring;&shy;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&eacute;&nbsp;[#x192]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?&atilde;?&aring;...&uml;&eacute;?&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;...&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;Y&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;?&aelig;oe&not;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&iquest;...&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x203a]+&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[#x20ac][0/00]&aring;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;?&ccedil;&frac12;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;&reg;&aring;...&uml;&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&atilde;?&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x17d]++&ccedil;[#x161]?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;?&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;?&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&eacute;[#x201a][#x201e]&aring;...[#x192]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;...&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;??&atilde;?'&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aelig;?&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&egrave;++&ordf;&aring;&middot;&plusmn;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&aring;-&aring;&frac34;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&middot;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;?[#x2c6]&aelig;&uml;&copy;&aelig;[#x17e]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]?&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;[TM]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;?&aelig;oe?&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&ccedil;&middot;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&raquo;[#x2dc]&egrave;&shy;&deg;&atilde;o&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aring;&sup3;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&deg;[#x17d]&aring;?&yen;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&aring;[#x201a]&micro;&aelig;&uml;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&cent;--&aring;[#x160]&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;??&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;&reg;[0/00]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?&aring;&reg;[0/00]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&eacute;?&aring;&frac12;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;?&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;++&ordf;&aring;&middot;&plusmn;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&aring;-&aring;&frac34;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&frac34;&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aelig;OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;OE&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;++&ordf;&aring;&middot;&plusmn;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&aring;-&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&sup3;++&eacute;?'&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;-&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&eacute;[#x201a]?&aring;...[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;&yen;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x2dc]&aring;&plusmn;[#x17e]&egrave;&sup3;++&aelig;?[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]?&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]?&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&aelig;?&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;&yen;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]Questions and Answers&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;??&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;&nbsp;[#x201a]&aelig;[#x2c6]&acute;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&aelig;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&aring;?&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&aring;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&aring;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;OE[TM]&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;?&ordf;&aring;'&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&aring;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]?&ccedil;?&reg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aring;&iquest;&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;?[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&raquo;[#x2039] &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&egrave;&uml;--&eacute;[#x160]?&egrave;&iexcl;OE, &atilde;?&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;?&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &atilde;?&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;??&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&iquest;&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&egrave;&copy;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;?OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;?&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;?&cedil;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&sect;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;?&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aring;&iquest;[#x192]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;?Y&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;?&sup3;&atilde;OE&atilde;Y&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;??&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;[#x192]OE&aelig;[TM]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;+&aring;[0/00]&aelig;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a]?&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;?&sup3;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&egrave;&copy;&sup3;&ccedil;&acute;&deg;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc]?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&sup3;++&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;-&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&ccedil;?&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&uml;&shy;&aring;?[TM]&aelig;[#x160]?&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;&reg;Y&ccedil;&cedil;&frac34;&atilde;OE&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;?[#x201e]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&auml;&raquo;?&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;&shy;&eacute;o&middot;&aelig;oeY&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;?&sup2;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;?[#x201e]&aring;++&aring;&deg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&deg;&acute;&aelig;&ordm;-&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&eacute;[#x203a]&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;??&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?[#x17e]&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;?&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;?&aelig;?Y&aring;&frac34;...&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;?&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;OE&egrave;++&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aelig;oe&not;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aelig;[#x2c6]&aring;[#x160]?&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;&plusmn;&aelig;?--&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&copy;o&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&aring;&reg;&para;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;&yen;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&ordf;&aring;?...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;?&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;--&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&micro;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&deg;&acute;&aelig;&ordm;-&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;?&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;?&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a]?&atilde;OE&aelig;[#x160]&frac14;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;?+&aelig;&nbsp;&sup1;&aelig;oe&not;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;--&atilde;?&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&aring;[#x2c6]&para;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;[0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aelig;oe?&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&reg;&micro;&eacute;?[#x17d]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]?&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?OE&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&aelig;[#x160]--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&ccedil;&laquo;&para;&auml;&ordm;[0/00]&atilde;&reg;&aring;?&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;--&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&reg;Y&ccedil;&cedil;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;?&atilde;&laquo;&aring;--&atilde;'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?OE&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;??&auml;&raquo;&pound;&ccedil;+&aring;&ordm;--&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&aelig;o&deg;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&macr;[#x20ac]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&ccedil;&macr;[#x20ac]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;?+&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&auml;&frac12;&micro;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;?--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;?&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&cedil;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&micro;[#x201e]&atilde;&iquest;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&micro;&egrave;&laquo;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&macr;&aelig;&reg;[#x2039]&aring;&iquest;&micro;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a]?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac12;&quot;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;--&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&sup2;&cent;&ccedil;OE&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++--&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;...&yen;&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x17d]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;?&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;?&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;[0/00]?&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&deg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&deg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&eacute;-?&atilde;&sect;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;OE&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&aelig;o&deg;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&macr;&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&sup1;...&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x201a]&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e]?&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&macr;[#x20ac]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&macr;?&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++'&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;?--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;o&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;--&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;Y&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&auml;&frac12;&micro;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&sect;&egrave;[#x20ac]?&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x17d]&aelig;&quot;&macr;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&nbsp;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&aring;o&eacute;&iexcl;OE&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&ccedil;[#x161]+&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;?&reg;&egrave;&laquo;-&egrave;&brvbar;?&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;&pound;&ccedil;+&aring;&ordm;--&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&aelig;?&deg;&aelig;?[TM]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00][#x160]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&eacute;[#x20ac]+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x160]&frac14;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;?oe&atilde;&sect;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;?[#x192]&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&acute;&deg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;?&deg;&aring;&shy;--&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;?&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&auml;&raquo;&yen;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;&copy;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aelig;o&deg;&ccedil;?&frac34;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&deg;&atilde;?&aring;&macr;&frac34;&egrave;&plusmn;&iexcl;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;&pound;&ccedil;?&aring;&ordm;?&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&aelig;o&deg;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&curren;?&aring;?+&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&auml;&raquo;&pound;&ccedil;+&aring;&ordm;--&aelig;?[#x2039]&aelig;o&deg;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00][#x160]&aelig;&cedil;?&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&raquo;&pound;&ccedil;+&aring;&ordm;?--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;?&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;-?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;?&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&egrave;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aelig;o&deg;&ccedil;[TM]&frac34;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&aring;&sup1;...&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&aelig;&cedil;?&aring;?&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;?o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;?&atilde;&macr;&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&uml;&frac14;&aring;?o&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;&aelig;&uml;&iexcl;&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;&sect;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&aring;[0/00][#x160]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;OE&aring;...[#x2c6]&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;-&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x160]&frac14;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;&sup2;--&atilde;[#x20ac]...&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;oeY&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&reg;[#x2039]&aring;&iquest;&micro;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;[#x2c6]&para;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&aring;&aring;[#x2c6]+&aring;++&ordm;&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&iquest;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&aelig;?o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&ordm;OE&aelig;?&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;&sup2;&raquo;&aelig;[#x2c6] &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aelig;?o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;??&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aring;&iquest;?&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;?&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;?&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;?&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;?&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&eacute;?[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;??&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&eacute;[#x20ac]?&aring;&ordm;[#x192]&aring;&cedil;&macr;&aring;Y?&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;??&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&eacute;&iexcl;&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;?&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;OE&auml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?[#x201a]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;?[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;?++&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;&deg;'&aring;[#x201a]&frac34;&aring;'&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&para;...&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;?++&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;&ordm;?&aring;&cedil;&macr;&aring;YY&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;?&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;?&macr;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;&yen;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac12;[#x17e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x201a]&frac34;&aring;'&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&frac34;&copy;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&egrave;&pound;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&ccedil;&not;&not;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?[#x160]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;?'&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&ordm;[#x20ac]&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;?'&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&aelig;?&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;OE&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;?&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&reg;&aring;&aelig;?&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&iuml;&frac14;'&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&egrave;&sup2;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aring;[#x203a]?&aring;&frac34;&copy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;?&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;?&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&iquest;&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&raquo;[#x2039] &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&egrave;&uml;--&eacute;[#x160]?&egrave;&iexcl;OE: &egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&ccedil;[#x17d]?&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;&acute;&aelig;&ordm;-&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&cedil;?&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&aring;?&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;o&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup2;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&aring;&iquest;&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&raquo;[#x2039] &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&egrave;&uml;--&eacute;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;OE: &iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&egrave;&ordf;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;[0/00]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&macr;&aring;'&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac12;[#x17e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&iquest;&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&raquo;[#x2039] &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&egrave;&uml;--&eacute;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;OE: &atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[0/00]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;-&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&egrave;[#x2c6]&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;?&atilde;?[#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;?&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;o&atilde;'&atilde;Y&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;?&cent;&atilde;?&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?'&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&sect;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;?&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&ccedil;&uml;?&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&aring;...&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;?++&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;?&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&sect;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?'&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&eacute;[#x192]&frac12;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aring;&iquest;?&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;??&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&iquest;&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&raquo;[#x2039] &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&egrave;&uml;--&eacute;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;OE: &iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;&curren;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2c6]&egrave;&curren;++&aelig;?&deg;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&egrave;[#x20ac]...&iuml;&frac14;?&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac]?&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;?&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-?&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;?[#x192]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;?&egrave;&micro;&middot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2c6]&egrave;&curren;++&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;?&ordm;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&egrave;[#x20ac]...&iuml;&frac14;[0/00]&auml;&ordm;OE&aelig;oe&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;&sup2;&raquo;&aelig;[#x2c6] &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&cent;: &atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;-[#x2039]&ccedil;?&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aring;&iquest;oe&eacute;-[#x2039]&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;?&aring;?&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;--&cent;&aring;&shy;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&aring;&iquest;oe&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&eacute;[#x20ac]Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&iuml;&frac14;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&plusmn;o&eacute;-[#x2039]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&egrave;&brvbar;&eacute;[#x192]&frac12;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...&uml;&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;-[0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&aring;&plusmn;o&eacute;?[#x2039]&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&eacute;?&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&ccedil;&micro;[#x17e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&iquest;&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&raquo;[#x2039] &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&egrave;&uml;--&eacute;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;OE: &atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;?&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;?&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x160]&aelig;&cedil;&iexcl;&atilde;--&atilde;--&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&aring;&sup3;&eacute;[#x161]&pound;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;?[#x201a]&aelig;&acute;&yen;&aring;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&sup1;&eacute;[#x192]? &atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;?-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&para;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;?&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]?: &atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;?&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&para;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&acute;&yen;&aring;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;??&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oe?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;[#x201a]?&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&egrave;&ordf;&atilde;o&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&eacute;[#x203a]&raquo;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x17d]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&eacute;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&aring;&reg;&para;&aelig;--&aring;?&sup2;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&atilde;?&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...?&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&egrave;&ordf;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;?[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&middot;&reg;&eacute;&iexcl;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x17d]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;o&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;-&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&micro;OE&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&deg;&acute;&aelig;&ordm;-&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aelig;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&aring;OE-&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe&not;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;-&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x203a][#x203a]&aring;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x203a][#x203a]&aring;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&sup2;&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;OE&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&frac14;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;[#x17d]&aring;[#x17d]&raquo;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&sup2;&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;OE&aring;&frac14;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;OE&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;OE&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]&para;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&raquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;oe&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&sup2;&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;OE&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;&yen;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;oeY&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;OE&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&frac14;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;-&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&middot;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac12;&quot;&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&aring;&reg;Y&ccedil;&cedil;&frac34;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;+...&egrave;&uml;&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;OE&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&iuml;&frac14;-&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++'&ccedil;&micro;&iexcl;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;OE&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x20ac]--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;[#x201e]&iexcl;&aelig;-[TM]&ccedil;&shy;[0/00]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++'&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;&sect;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;OE&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&ccedil;[#x203a]&cedil;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&macr;[#x17d]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aelig;&macr;[#x17d]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x203a]&frac12;&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&cent;--&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;&reg;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&aring;...&uml;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;...[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&brvbar;[#x201a]&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&ccedil;&cedil;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&acute;&yen;&aring;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&sup1;&eacute;[#x192][#x17d] &atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&para;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&aelig;-&frac12;&ccedil;&shy;-&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;[#x20ac]&quot;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&sup1;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&copy;&atilde;&iquest;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&copy;&atilde;&iquest;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2c6]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;[0/00]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&acute;&yen;&aring;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&sup1;&eacute;[#x192][#x17d] &atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&para;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &ccedil;[0/00]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;Y&sup3;&aring;&pound;&deg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;[#x2c6]+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aelig;-&frac12;&ccedil;&shy;-&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&eacute;&nbsp;'&aring;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&ccedil;&copy;&atilde;&iquest;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&auml;&frac12;[TM]&aring;oe&deg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&egrave;&sect;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;'&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&micro;OE&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]+&eacute;&iexcl;[#x17e]&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&eacute;[#x20ac]&pound;&aring;[#x2039]o&ccedil;&micro;OE&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&auml;&raquo;&yen;&aring;&curren;-&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;-&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&micro;OE&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;-&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&micro;OE&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&egrave;&iquest;'&ccedil;[0/00]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&micro;OE&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&macr;&egrave;+&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;++&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;+...&egrave;&uml;&sup3;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;[#x20ac]&pound;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&cent;--&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;OE&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&auml;&iquest;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&plusmn;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;o&auml;&cedil;++&aring;++&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&aelig;o...&eacute;[#x161]oe&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&aring;&pound;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup2;&not;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&uml;&reg;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&iquest;&eacute;[TM]&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&deg;&egrave;&sup2;&nbsp;&aelig;[#x2039]...&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&uml;&reg;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&iquest;&eacute;[TM]&ordm;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&eacute;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&eacute;&cent;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;-&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&sect;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x201e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;OE&ccedil;&laquo;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&aring;...&shy;&ccedil;[TM]&frac34;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x20ac]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&eacute;++'&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;Y&ordm;&aring;oe&deg;&aring;&plusmn;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aelig;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;&frac14;&middot;&aring;OE-&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&cent;--&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&cent;--&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&sect;[#x2039]&ccedil;&macr;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&aring;OE-&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;+&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&ccedil;[TM]&frac34;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&sup1;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;&quot;&ccedil;o&ordf;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x203a][#x203a]&aring;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x201e]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;&brvbar;&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x2039]&egrave;&brvbar;&aring;[#x203a]&nbsp;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&aelig;-&sup1;&aring;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&aelig;[#x17d]&yen;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&uml;&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;&iquest;...&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&iquest;...&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[#x160][#x203a]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;Y&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;OE&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&micro;&cedil;&eacute;[#x20ac]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[0/00]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x203a][#x203a]&aring;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&aelig;[#x20ac]&yen;&aelig;&iquest;[#x20ac]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;o&deg;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&eacute;&copy;[#x161]&atilde;&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&iquest;&deg;&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&iquest;...&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;-&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;-&quot;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&ccedil;[#x201e]&iexcl;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&yen;'&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&egrave;[#x20ac]...&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;OE&aelig;oe[0/00]&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&iquest;...&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x160]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;[#x160]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;'&frac14;&atilde;&sup3;&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&reg;[#x2039]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&iuml;&frac12;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x160]&frac14;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&auml;&sup1;--&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;'&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&frac12;&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;++&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;OE--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;Y&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;--&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&acute;&copy;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aring;&shy;&brvbar;&ccedil;&quot;Y&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&nbsp;&iexcl;&ccedil;&quot;Y&aring;&macr;&frac34;&egrave;&plusmn;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;&brvbar;&ordf;&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&egrave;&sup2;&middot;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&shy;&pound;&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&aring;&acute;&copy;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;[#x2c6]&curren;&aelig;-&shy;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;...[#x2c6]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;o&aelig;&shy;&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x2dc]&yen;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&brvbar;&ordf;&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&eacute;[#x203a]&raquo;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&aelig;&copy;Y&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&sup2;&middot;&atilde;[#x201e]&auml;&cedil;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&iuml;&frac14;o&auml;&cedil;++&aring;++&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;-&auml;&cedil;++&aring;++&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;[#x161]&pound;&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;++&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;&deg;&eacute;++[#x17d]&aring;&macr;&ordm;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;[#x2dc]&uml;&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;o'&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&egrave;'[0/00]&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;OE&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&frac14;&middot;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&eacute;o&atilde;+&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&shy;&pound;&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&acute;&copy;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;&pound;&atilde;OE&ccedil;&para;[#x161]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aring;[#x2c6]--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&cent;--&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&curren;&sect;&auml;&frac12;oe &eacute;++[#x17d]&aelig;'&egrave;&shy;[0/00]&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;++[#x17d]&aelig;'&egrave;&shy;[0/00]&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&cent;--&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++'&atilde;&sect;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;OE&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;++&ordf;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;++'&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe&not;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;&pound;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;+&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&sup2;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&curren;&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;OE&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;[TM]&curren;&atilde;'&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;...&uml;&aring;[#x160][#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;&sup3;&uml;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]++&aelig;[#x2dc]&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&aring;...&uml;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&brvbar;&sect;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;&copy;&brvbar;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;OE&ccedil;oeY&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;oeY&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&micro;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;-[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;&deg;'&aring;&nbsp;...&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&aelig;OE&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;&macr;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&macr;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aring;[0/00]&atilde;&macr;&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;-&iuml;&frac12;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&sect;&raquo;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;Y&atilde;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][#x201e]&atilde;OE&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&iuml;&frac14;'&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;+&eacute;++&atilde;OE&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&curren;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&para;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&auml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x160]&nbsp;&aring;...&yen;&egrave;[#x20ac]...&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&para;...&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;-&iuml;&frac12;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&atilde;&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&sect;&raquo;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&sect;&raquo;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aring;[#x17d]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;[#x201a]&frac34;&aring;'&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&ccedil;&reg;--&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&auml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aring;[0/00]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&auml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&reg;--&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;...&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&aring;&nbsp;...&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x2c6]--&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&raquo;&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&iuml;&frac14;&copy;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;OE&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&raquo;&reg;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;[#x2c6]&raquo;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&aring;&deg;&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;OE&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2dc]&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;o&deg;&eacute;++&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&sup2;&raquo;&ccedil;&quot;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2dc]&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2dc]&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;oeY&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac12;&quot;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;:
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 11054 wordsYOSHIKIYO SAKAI, HEAD OF IR, NTT DOCOMO: Thank you very much for waiting. We would now like to start this analysts' meeting, and thank you very much for sparing your precious time to attend this meeting.We will now begin the presentation concerning the results for the year ended March '08. I am Sakai of the IR department and I will be chairing this session.Please be advised that this session will be broadcast via [form of vlive] service, also on a live basis via the Internet and also a recorded video of this session will be provided, on demand, through DoCoMo's website.Let me introduce the participants to today's meeting. First of all, Mr. Masao Nakamura, the President and CEO. We also have Mr. Utano, Managing Director of Research & Development division; Mr. Tsujimura, Product & Services division Managing Director; Mr. Futatsugi, Managing Director of Network division; Mr. Kumagai, Managing Director of Marketing division; and Mr. Ito, Managing Director of Corporate Strategy & Planning department; and Mr. Tsubouchi, Managing Director of Accounts & Finance department.&nbsp;We have three sets of documents for this meeting. One is the earning release [Tanshin] document, the other is the presentation slides. We also have four
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 9683 wordsCorporate Participants* Kazunori YamamotoNTT Docomo Inc - SVP, IR, MD Kyusho Regional Office* Kaoru KatoNTT Docomo Inc - President, CEO* Kazuto TsubouchiNTT Docomo Inc - Senior EVP and CFO* Fumio IwasakiNTT Docomo Inc - Senior EVP, Chief Privacy Officer, Chief Information Security Officer* Takashi TanakaNTT Docomo Inc - EVP* Kazuhiro YoshizawaNTT Docomo Inc - EVP, MD of Corporate Strategy & Planning & Structural Reform&nbsp;* Hirotaka SatoNTT Docomo Inc - SVP, MD of Accounts & FinanceConference Call Participants* Daisaku MasunoNomura Securities - Analyst* Hitoshi HayakawaCredit Suisse - Analyst* Tetsuro TsusakaMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ikuo MatsuhashiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Yoshiyuki KinoshitaBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationKAZUNORI YAMAMOTO, SVP, IR, MD KYUSHO REGIONAL OFFICE, NTT DOCOMO INC: Thank you very much for waiting. And we'd like to express our appreciation for taking part in our meeting despite the bad weather.We would now like to start the analyst meeting announcing the results for the first half of the fiscal year ending March 2014. I am Yamamoto of the IR Department. I'll be presiding this meeting.Please be advised that this meeting is broadcast alive on smartphones and over the Internet and also a recorded video of this meeting will be distributed through the commerce
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 11486 wordsYOSHIKIYO SAKAI, HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, NTT DOCOMO: Thank you very much for your patience. Thank you very much for sparing precious time out of your busy schedule to attend this meeting. Now we would like to start the results announcements for the third quarter of the fiscal year ending March, 2007. I am Sakai, Head of Investor Relations of NTT DoCoMo and I would like to serve as emcee for this meeting. Please be advised that this meeting is broadcast via V-Life service of FOMA and also via the Internet and a recorded video presentation of this meeting will be provided on an on-demand basis through our website. Please be advised that this is recorded.First of all I would like to introduce the participants from NTT DoCoMo. Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Hirata, and Executive Vice President of the Product and Service Division, Mr. Tsujimura, our Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Ito, Managing Director of Marketing Division, Mr. Kumagai, and Mr. Tsubouchi, Managing Director of our Accounts and Finance Department.We will be using three sets of documents for this meeting. One is the earnings release. The second is the presentation document. And the
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 9185 wordsYOSHIKIYO SAKAI, HIR, NTT DOCOMO: (Audio starts in progress) and thank you very much for attending this conference, despite your busy schedule. We would now like to start the meeting, announcing the results for the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March '08. I am Sakai of the IR Department. I will be serving as MC for this meeting. Please be advised that this session is broadcast online via [format viva] service. And later on, on a separate day, this will be posted and provided on an on-demand basis from DoCoMo's website.Now, I would like to introduce the participants to this meeting. First of all, Mr. Hirata, Senior Executive Vice President; Managing Director of our R&D Division, Mr. Utano; Managing Director of Products and Services Division Mr. Tsujimura; Managing Director of Network Division, Mr. Futatsugi; Managing Director of Marketing Division Mr. Kumagai; Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Ito; and our Managing Director of Accounts and Finance Department, Mr. Tsubouchi.&nbsp;The documents that we used today are three sets. First, are the earning release. Second, is the presentation slide document and there are three sets of Press Releases. One is about the discount service, the
NTT DoCoMo	LENGTH: 10983 wordsYOSHIKIYO SAKAI, HEAD OF IR, NTT DOCOMO: Thank you very much for your patience. We would now like to start the meeting because it is just 5 o'clock. Thank you very much for attending this meeting despite your very busy schedule.We would now like to start the DoCoMo -- NTT DoCoMo analyst meeting announcing the results for the first half of the fiscal year ending March '08. I am Sakai of the IR Department and I will be sitting as MC for this meeting.Please be advised that this meeting is broadcast via FOMA V-Live service and also over the Internet. And later on, on DoCoMo's IR site we would like to provide the image of this meeting on an on-demand basis.Now I would like to introduce the participants for today's meeting. President and CEO, Mr. Nakamura. From the Research and Development department we have the Managing Director, Mr. Utano. From the Products and Services department -- division we will have Mr. Tsujimura, Managing Director. From the Marketing division we have the Managing Director, Mr. Kumagai. From the Corporate Strategy and Planning department, Mr. Ito. From the Finance and Accounts department, Mr. Tsubouchi.&nbsp;We have three sets of documents. One
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9770 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen Fletcher DuPont - VP of IR * Ellen Kullman DuPont - CEO * Jeff Keefer DuPont - EVP and CFO * Jim Borel DuPont - Group VPConference Call Participants* Kevin McCarthy BAS-ML - Analyst * Laurence Alexander Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Gulley Soleil Securities - Analyst * Mike Judd Greenwich Consultants - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays Capital - Analyst * Chris Shaw UBS - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T - Analyst * Peter Jacobs Ragen Mackenzie - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Chris and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont 2008 fourth-quarter investor call. (Operator Instructions). To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you.&nbsp;It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Madam, you may begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Okay. Thank you, Chris. Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, CEO; Jeff Keefer, Chief Financial
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9919 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen Fletcher DuPont - VP Investor Relations * Ellen Kullman DuPont - President, CEO * Jeff Keefer DuPont - CFO * Jim Borel DuPont - Group Vice President of DuPont's Production Ag BusinessesConference Call Participants* Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * PJ Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays Capital - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Laurence Alexander Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Mark Gulley Soleil Securities - Analyst * Mike Judd Greenwich Consultants - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Dawn and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont 2009 first quarter investor call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions) In the interest of time, management requests that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, and please pick up your handset to allow optimal
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9249 wordsCorporate Participants* Carl LukachDuPont - VP, IR* Ellen KullmanDuPont - CEO, Chair of the Board* Nick FanandakisDuPont - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* Robert KoortGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Vincent AndrewsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* David Begleiter&nbsp;Deutsche Bank - Analyst* Laurence AlexanderJefferies & Company - Analyst* John RobertsUBS - Analyst* Mike RitzenthalerPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* P.J. JuvekarCitigroup - Analyst* Chris NocellaRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mark ConnellyCredit Agricole Securities - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo Securities, LLC - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont quarterly investor call. (Operator Instructions).Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Carl, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP, IR, DUPONT: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining us to cover DuPont's second-quarter 2013 performance and our announcements this morning of important senior leadership changes and that we are exploring
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8884 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Sandra and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to your DuPont fourth quarter 2005 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Thank you, it is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Carl Lukach. Sir, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, DUPONT: Thank you, Sandra and good morning, everyone and welcome to the DuPont fourth quarter 2005 investor conference call. With me this morning are DuPont's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chad Holliday and also Gary Pfeiffer, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The Investor Relations team is also here, David Pete and Christine Way.Let me start with our agenda and cover a few introductory items. First item will be a review of our fourth quarter 2005 performance by Gary. Next, I'll take you through a review of each of our five segments performance in the fourth quarter and how we see the coming quarter. After that, Chad will share with you his remarks on business accomplishments in 2005 and our strategic focus and outlook for 2006. We will then use
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8874 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont first-quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, E.I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY: Thank you, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the DuPont first quarter 2006 investor conference call. With me today are DuPont's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chad Holliday, and also Gary Pfeiffer, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The Investor Relations team is also here, [David Pete] and Christine Wei. Let me start with our agenda and cover a few introductory items.&nbsp;The first item on our agenda is a review of our 2006 first-quarter performance by Gary. Next, I will take you through a review of each of our five segment performances during the quarter and how we see the coming quarter. After that, Chad will share with you his remarks on our execution and results in the first quarter and our strategic focus and outlook for the remainder of 2006. We will then
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9151 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Melissa and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the DuPont second-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Carl Lukach. Sir, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the DuPont second-quarter 2006 investor conference call. And thank you also for joining us one hour earlier today. We moved our call up an hour to avoid a conflict with another large cap company who changed their call time.With me this morning are DuPont's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chad Holliday. Also here are Jeff Keefer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and also Erik Fyrwald, Group Vice President of our DuPont ag and nutrition platform. The Investor Relations team is also here -- David Pete and [Christine Way].&nbsp;Let me start with our agenda and cover a few introductory items. The first item on
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9252 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont third-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). To listen to the webcast, please go to www.DuPont.com. Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP, IR, DUPONT: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to DuPont third-quarter 2006 investor conference call. With me this morning are DuPont's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chad Holliday, and Jeff Keefer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;The Investor Relations team is also here, David Pete and Jim Jacobson. Jim joined us this month from Meredith Corporation where he was IR Director, and we will be getting him out, connected to you in the coming weeks.Let me start with our agenda and cover a few introductory items. First item on our agenda is a review of the 2006 third-quarter performance by Jeff. Next, I will take you through a review of performance for each of our segments during the quarter and how we
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8802 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, lod -- ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the DuPont conference call to discuss it's second quarter earnings. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to introduce our host, Mr. Carl Lukach. Sir, the floor is yours.CARL LUKACH, VP - IR, DUPONT: Thank you Anthony. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Second Quarter DuPont Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Gary Pfeiffer, Chief Financial Officer of Dupont and the IR team Joyce McGee and David Pete. Let me cover a few administrative items before we discuss second quarter results. This call is webcast and is open to the media on a listen only basis. A separate call is scheduled for 12:15 eastern time today to respond to questions from the media. During the course of this conference call we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our currant expectations these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 11589 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Melissa and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont third quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will a question-and-answer period. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;CARL LUKACH, VP-IR, DUPONT: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone and welcome to DuPont's third quarter conference call. This morning we will address our Company's third quarter performance and also our separate announcement this morning on actions to accelerate shareholder value, including a $5 billion share repurchase program. With me today are DuPont's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chad Holliday and also Gary Pfeiffer, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The Investor Relations team is also here David Pete, Joyce Magee, and introducing our newest IR team member, Christine Way. [To finish] with our agenda and cover a few introductory items, our first item on our agenda is a review of the third
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8676 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen Fletcher DuPont - VP IR * Ellen Kullman DuPont - Chairman, CEO * Nick Fanandakis DuPont - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bob Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Gulley Soleil Securities - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Don Carson Susquehanna - Analyst * Edward Yang Oppenheimer - Analyst * PJ Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Lucy Watson Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Mark Connelly CLSA - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont 2010 third quarter investor call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) To listen to the webcast, please go to www.DuPont.com. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Karen, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;KAREN FLETCHER, VP IR, DUPONT: Thank you, John. Good
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9280 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the DuPont 3rd quarter 2004 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.CARL LUKACH, VICE PRESIDENT INVESTOR RELATIONS, DUPONT: . Good morning, and welcome to the call. With me today are Gary Pfieffer, Chief Financial Officer of Dupont, and the IR team, Joyce McGee and David Pete. As is our normal practice, Gary will take us through the 3rd quarter financial results, and I will comment on the segments and cover the outlook, at which point we will open the line to Q&A.&nbsp;I would like to remind you that this call is being webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only basis. A separate call is scheduled for 12:15 today to respond to questions from the media. During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9275 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the DuPont fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Carl Lukach. Sir, the floor is yours.CARL J. LUKACH, VP-INVESTOR RELATIONS, DUPONT: Good morning, and welcome to the call. With me today are Gary Pfeiffer, Chief Financial Officer of DuPont, and the IR team, Joyce McGee and David Pete. For our call agenda today, Gary will take us through the fourth quarter and full year financial results, and I'll comment on the segments and our outlook, after which we'll open the line to your questions. I would like to remind you that this call is being webcast and is open to media on a listen-only basis. A separate call is scheduled at 12:15 today to respond to questions from the media.During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9388 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the DuPont conference call to discuss its first quarter 2005 earnings results conference. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for your questions following the presentation.It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Carl Lukach. Sir, the floor is yours.CARL LUKACH, VP - IR, DUPONT: Thank you Operator. Good morning, and welcome to DuPont's first quarter 2005, earnings conference call. With me this morning are Gary Pfeiffer, our Chief Financial Officer of DuPont, and the IR team, Joyce McGee and David Peet. Our agenda this morning is for Gary to take you through our financial results. And then I will comment on the segments and our outlook after which we'll open the line to your questions.&nbsp;I would like to remind you that this call is being webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only basis. A separate call is scheduled for 12:15 this morning to respond to questions from the media.During the course of this conference call we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8943 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen Fletcher DuPont - VP, IR * Ellen Kullman DuPont - CEO & Chair * Nick Fanandakis DuPont - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Kevin McCarthy BofA Merrill Lynch * Niels Long CLSA - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Gulley Ticonderoga - Analyst * Avi Rajinran Credit Suisse - Analyst * Brian Maguire Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David Begleiter Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Laurence Alexander Jefferies - Analyst * Don Carson Susquehanna - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the DuPont second-quarter 2011 earnings call. My name is John, and I will be your operator for today's call. (Operator Instructions). Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Karen Fletcher. Ms. Fletcher, you may begin.&nbsp;KAREN FLETCHER, VP, IR, DUPONT: Thanks, John. Good morning and welcome. With me today are Ellen Kullman, the Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO.The slides for today's call can be found on our website at DuPont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today.During the course of the conference call,
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9023 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen FletcherE. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co - VP, IR* Ellen KullmanE. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co - Chair & CEO* Nick FanandakisE. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co - CFO* Jim BorelE. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co - EVPConference Call Participants* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst* Mike RitzenhalerPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Mark ConnellyCLSA - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Lucy WatsonJefferies & Company - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Brian MaguireGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Vincent AndrewsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Prashant JuvekarCitigroup - Analyst* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* Edward YangOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Andy CashUBS - Analyst* Duffy FischerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John and I will be conference operator for today's call. At this time, I would now like to welcome everyone to the DuPont first-quarter investment call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you. It is now my
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8843 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen FletcherDuPont - VP, IR* Ellen KullmanDuPont - CEO & Chair of the Board* Nick FanandakisDuPont - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Sabina ChatterjeeWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Mike RitzenthalerPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;* Mark ConnellyCLSA - Analyst* Vincent AndrewsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Laurence AlexanderJefferies & Company - Analyst* Duffy FischerBarclays Capital - Analyst* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Bob KoortGoldman Sachs - Analyst* John RobertsBuckingham Research Group - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont quarterly investor call. (Operator Instructions). In the interest of time, management requests that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, and please pick up your handset to allow optimal sound quality. If you have additional questions, you may reenter the queue. To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com.Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Karen,
Du Pont (E.I.)	FinalCorporate Participants* Karen Fletcher DuPont - VP - IR * Ellen Kullman DuPont - Chairman & CEO * Nick Fanandakis DuPont - CFOConference Call Participants* Laurence Alexander Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Edward Yang Oppenheimer - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Gulley Soleil Securities - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research - Analyst * John McNulty Credit Suisse - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citi - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Connelly Sterne, Agee - Analyst * David Howard Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John and I'll be your conference operator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont 2009 fourth-quarter investor call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher,Vice President of
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8858 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen Fletcher DuPont - VP of IR * Ellen Kullman DuPont - Chairman and CEO * Nick Fanandakis DuPont - CFOConference Call Participants* Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Amanda Sigouin Jefferies - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citi - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Gulley Soleil Securities - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Silke Kueck JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont 2010 first quarter investor call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) To listen to the webcast, please go to www.DuPont.com. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Madam, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thank you, John. Good morning, and welcome. With me
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8560 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen Fletcher DuPont - VP, IR * Ellen Kullman DuPont - Chair, CEO * Nick Fanandakis DuPont - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Gulley Soleil Securities - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Laurence Alexander Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Edward Yang Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont 2010 second-quarter investor call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period.&nbsp;(Operator Instructions) To listen to the webcast, please go to www.DuPont.com. Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP, IR, DUPONT: Thank
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8976 wordsCorporate Participants* Nick Fanandakis DuPont - EVP, CFO * Karen Fletcher DuPont - VP of IR * Ellen Kullman DuPont - CEO & ChairConference Call Participants* Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Lisa Yasserman Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Prashant (P.J.) Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Mark Connelly CLSA - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mark Gulley Gulley & Associates/Soleil - Analyst * Donald Carson Susquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jeffrey Zekauskas JPMorgan Securities Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the DuPont 2010 fourth-quarter earnings call. My name is John, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session.&nbsp;I'll now turn the call over to your host, Karen Fletcher. You may begin, Karen.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thanks, John. Good morning and welcome, everyone, to our fourth-quarter earnings call. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Nick Fanandakis, Chief Financial Officer. The slides for today's call can be
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8874 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen FletcherDuPont - VP of IR* Ellen KullmanDuPont - Chairman and CEO* Nick FanandakisDuPont - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Chris NocellaRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Mark GulleyBGC Partners - Analyst&nbsp;* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan - Analyst* Mark ConnellyCLSA - Analyst* Rob WalkerJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquahanna Financial - Analyst* Vincent AndrewsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* P.J. JuvekarCitigroup - Analyst* Neal SanganiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Duffy FischerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont quarterly investor call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). In the interest of time, management requests that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question and please pick up your handset to allow optimal sound quality. If you have additional questions, you may reenter the queue. Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9746 wordsCorporate Participants* Carl LukachE.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - VP IR* Ellen KullmanE.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - Chair, CEO* Nick FanandakisE.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - EVP, CFO* Jim BorelE.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - EVPConference Call Participants* Mike Ritzenthaler&nbsp;Piper Jaffray - Analyst* Brian MaguireGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Vincent AndrewsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan - Analyst* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Chris NocellaRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* PJ JuvekarCitigroup - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Duffy FischerBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like welcome everyone to the DuPont quarterly investor call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions)It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Carl, you may begin.CARL LUKACH, VP IR, E.I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY: Thank you, John, and good
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9477 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen Fletcher E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - VP of IR * Jeff Keefer E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - CFO * Chad Holliday E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - Chairman and CEO * Jim Borel E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - VP Agriculture * Ellen Kullman E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - Pres.Conference Call Participants* Don Carson Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Mark Connelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Chris Shaw UBS - Analyst * Mark Gulley Soleil Securities - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Curtis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont third quarter 2008 investors conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9341 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Curtis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont third quarter 2008 investors conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may now begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, E. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY: Thank you, Curtis. Good morning and welcome. I'm pleased to be hosting this call. With me this morning are Chad Holliday, Chairman and CEO, Ellen Kullman, President and CEO-designate, and Jeff Keefer, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us is Jim Borel, Group Vice President of DuPont's agriculture business, who we have asked to join us for the Q&A session today.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this call and you can access it through our website www. DuPont.com. We will be using slides today which are
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8871 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen Fletcher DuPont - VP of IR * Ellen Kullman DuPont - CEO * Jeff Keefer DuPont - CFOConference Call Participants* David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Lucy Watson Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Bob Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Edward Yang Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays Capital - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Mark Connelly Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. - Analyst * Mike Judd Greenwich Consultants - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont 2009 second quarter investor call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions). In the interest of time, management requests that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question and please pick up your hand set to allow optimal sound quality. If you have additional questions you may re-enter the
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9163 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen Fletcher DuPont - VP, IR * Ellen Kullman DuPont - CEO * Jeff Keefer DuPont - CFO * Nick Fanandakis DuPont - CFO-DesignateConference Call Participants* Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Ashish Gupta Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Mark Gulley Soleil Securities - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steve Schuman Lafayette Investments, Inc. - Analyst * Peter Butler Glen Hill Investment Research - Analyst * Edward Yang Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Laurence Alexander Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BAS-ML - Analyst * Chris Shaw Ticonderoga Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome to you the DuPont 2009 third quarter earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.&nbsp;After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) To
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9513 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen FletcherDuPont - VP of IR* Ellen KullmanDuPont - CEO & Chair* Nick FanandakisDuPont - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* P.J. JuvekarCitigroup - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Edward YangOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group/SIG - Analyst* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* Brian MaguireGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Mark ConnellyCredit Agricole Securities - Analyst* Duffy FischerBarclays Capital - Analyst* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Mark GulleyTiconderoga Securities, LLC - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the DuPont third quarter 2011 earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Karen Fletcher. Karen, you may begin.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at DuPont.com along with the news release that was issued earlier today.During the course of this conference call we will make
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9367 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen FletcherDuPont - VP, IR* Ellen KullmanDuPont - CEO & Chairman* Nick FanandakisDuPont - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Laurence AlexanderJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Elena HeikenCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan - Analyst* Mark GulleyTiconderoga - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Bob KoortGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial - Analyst* Duffy FischerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Andy CashUBS - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBank of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mike RitzenhalerPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Mark ConnellyCLSA - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is John, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont quarterly investor call. (Operator Instructions). In the interest of time, management requests that you limit yourself to one question, and please pick up your handset to allow optimal sound quality. If you have any additional questions, you may reenter the queue. To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com.Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Karen, you may begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP, IR, DUPONT: Okay. Thank you. Good morning and
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8881 wordsCorporate Participants* Karen FletcherThe DuPont Company - VP of IR* Ellen KullmanThe DuPont Company - Chairman, CEO* Nick FanandakisThe DuPont Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* P.J. JuvekarCiti - Analyst* Jeff Zekauskas&nbsp;JPMorgan - Analyst* Bob KoortGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo - Analyst* Mike RitzenthalerPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Mark ConnellyCLSA - Analyst* Chris NocellaRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sandra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont third-quarter 2012 investor call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions).It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Karen, you may begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, THE DUPONT COMPANY: Thank you, Sandra. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. With me today are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO.The slides for today's call can be found on our website, along with the
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8475 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Jackie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont Fourth Quarter 2007 Investor Conference Call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Chad Holliday, Chairman and CEO. Sir, you may begin your conference.CHARLES HOLLIDAY, CEO CHAIRMAN, DUPONT: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining today's webcast covering DuPont's financial results and outlook. Our CFO,Jeff Keefer, is with us today and so is Carl Lukash, our Vice President of investor relations. They will be coming on in a minute to take you through our results but I wanted to introduce today's call. First, thank you for calling in today recognizing all the dynamics in the financial markets. I believe you will be pleased with what we have to say about our company. If you remember, we announced actions to accelerate value creation in November 2005 which are now largely complete. As result, our company is stronger, more productive and more profitable.&nbsp;We were announcing today the next phase of our acceleration plan. I posted a letter to our shareholders today on our
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 10486 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Melissa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining today's webcast covering DuPont's first quarter 2008 financial results and outlook. With me today are Chad Holliday, Chairman and CEO, Jeff Keefer, Chief Financial Officer, Ellen Kullman, Executive Vice President and Head of Sales and Marketing and Robert Fry from our economist office.&nbsp;In addition to our normal report on the quarter, we have asked Ellen to cover what we are hearing in key end use markets and Robert to share with you his key economic forecast that we are using as a factor in our outlooks. But first, the administrative items for those of you accessing this call through
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 10625 wordsCorporate Participants* Carl Lukach DuPont - VP of IR * Jeff Keefer DuPont - CFO * Ellen Kullman DuPont - EVP, Head of Sales * Robert Fry DuPont - Senior Associate Economist * Chad Holliday DuPont - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mark Connelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Peter Butler Glen Hill Investments - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Mark Gulley Soliel Securities - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mike Judd Greenwich Consultants - Analyst * Chris Shaw UBS - Analyst * Don Carson Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Hassan Ahmed HSBC - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Melissa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.&nbsp;It is now
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9627 wordsCorporate Participants* Carl Lukach DuPont - VP-IR * Charles O. Holliday, Jr. DuPont - Chairman & CEO * Jeffrey L. Keefer DuPont - CFO, PAO & EVP * James C. Borel DuPont - Group Vice PresidentConference Call Participants* David Beglieter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Jeffrey Zekauskas J.P. Morgan - Analyst * Mark Connelly CSFB - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Don Carson Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Michael Judd Greenwich Consultants - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citibank - Analyst * Steve Schuman New Vernon Associates - Analyst * Mark Gulley Gulley - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont second quarter 2008 investor conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9513 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont second quarter 2008 investor conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;CARL LUKACH, VP-IR, DUPONT: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining today's webcast covering DuPont's second quarter 2008 financial results and outlook. We apologize for the 10-minute delayed start this morning due to some technical difficulties on our phone lines. I'll remind you that a replay of today's call is available afterwards on our website. So let's get started. With me today are Chad Holliday, Chairman and CEO of Dupont; Jeff Keefer, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Borel, Group Vice President of Dupont's Production Agriculture businesses. Since growth in agriculture was a key factor in our second quarter results, and there's lots of news this time of year in production
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8922 wordsCorporate Participants* Carl LukachE.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - VP IR* Ellen KullmanE.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - CEO, Chair* Nick FanandakisE.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Vincent AndrewsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* John RobertsUBS - Analyst&nbsp;* Neal SanganiGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan Securities - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* PJ JuvekarCitigroup - Analyst* Mike RitzenthalerPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Laurence AlexanderJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Mark ConnellyCLSA - Analyst* Chris NocellaRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Duffy FischerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Mark GulleyBGC Partners - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Dawn and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont quarterly investor call. (Operator Instructions)Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Carl, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP IR, E.I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY: Thank you. And good morning, everyone, and thank you
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9131 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont fourth quarter 2006 investor conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer period. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] To listen to the webcast, please go to www.DuPont.com. Thank you.It is my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP, IR, DUPONT: Thank you Jackie and good morning everyone. Welcome to the DuPont fourth quarter 2006 investor conference call. With me today are DuPont's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chad Holliday, Jeff Keefer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Eric Thorwald, our Group Vice President for the Ag & Nutrition platform. The Investor Relations team is also here, [David Pete, Jim Jacobson and Lori Conslado].&nbsp;Let me start our agenda this morning, cover a few introductory items. First on the agenda today will be a review of our 2006 fourth quarter performance by Jeff. Next Eric will review with you
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8121 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jackie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont first quarter 2007 investor conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) To list to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP OF IR, E.I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY: Thank you, Jackie. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to present, by way of this webcast, our first quarter 2007 financial results. As has become our practice, several of our executive management members are here today to participate in this call. Here with me today are DuPont's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chad Holliday; Jeff Keefer, our Chief Financial Officer; Ellen Kullman, our Executive Vice President for our Safety & Protection platform and our Colors & Coatings Technologies platform; and -- as well as Tom Connelly, our
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 8338 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jackie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont second quarter 2007 investor conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) We do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. To listen to the Webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP, IR, DUPONT: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're pleased to present by way of this Webcast our second quarter 2007 financial results. Here with me today are DuPont's Chairman and Chief Executive officer, Chad Holliday, Jeff Keefer, our Chief Financial Officer, and Erik Fyrwald, Group Vice President of DuPont's Ag & Nutrition platform. For our agenda today, first Jeff will review the second quarter results. Next we'll review our platforms. Erik will cover our Ag and Nutrition platform, and I
Du Pont (E.I.)	LENGTH: 9197 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Jackie. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the DuPont third quarter 2007 investor conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you. It is my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, DUPONT: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. We're pleased to present by way of this webcast, our third quarter 2007 financial results. Here with me this morning are DuPont's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Chad Holliday, and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Keefer. For our agenda today, first Jeff will review the third quarter results, next I'll highlight each of our platform performance, and after that Chad will share with you his summary comments on the remainder of this year, and our 2008 outlook.
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 3228 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Diageo conference call. I will now hand you over to Paul Walsh and Nick Rose.PAUL WALSH, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, DIAGEO PLC: Hello everybody and thank you for joining us today. Before I start a word about logistics. I understand a number of you have experienced some difficulty in accessing our announcements on the website. Our results have generated a huge amount of interest and our website has had an enormous number of hits. We've now reconfigured it, and therefore we hope to be able to cope with this additional volume. But I do apologize if any of you out there have been unable to access the announcements at this stage.What I would like to do today is give a brief overview of Diageo's performance in the past six months, and then basically move into questions.&nbsp;We are now a focused premium drinks business, and this is the first period and which premium drinks is the sole driver of Diageo's operating performance. Share gains in our most important markets, strong volume growth in our global priority brands, improved performance of our category brands and a good price mix improvement over the period I
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 12944 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Walsh Diageo plc - CEO * Nick Rose Diageo plc - CFO * Andrew Morgan Diageo plc - President, Diageo Europe * Stuart Fletcher Diageo plc - President, Diageo International * Ivan Menezes Diageo plc - President, Diageo North America * John Pollaers Diageo plc - President, Diageo Asia PacificConference Call Participants* Trevor Stirling Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Antoine Belge HSBC - Analyst * Matthew Webb Cazenove - Analyst * Chris Wickham MainFirst Bank - Analyst * Ann Gurkin Davenport & Company - Analyst * Gerard Rijk ING - Analyst * Melissa Earlam UBS - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good day. And welcome to the Diageo half year results presentation. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to your host today, Mr. Paul Walsh, CEO of Diageo. Please go ahead, sir.PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Good morning, and thanks for your time today. Our results today demonstrate that Diageo can deliver growth, even in these challenging times. We've built a strong business through the right investments, targeted acquisitions, and a consistently disciplined financial approach.As a result, we are driving growth and
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 5880 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Walsh Diageo PLC - CEO * Nick Rose Diageo PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Todd Duvick Banc of America - Analyst * Del Warmington Delwar Capital Management - Analyst * Ellie Sandia Prudential - Analyst * Tom Russo Gardner Russo & Gardner - Analyst * Mike Larushell Loomis, Sayles & Company - Analyst * Jeff Kanter UBS O'Connor - Analyst * Jonathan White Evergreen Investments - Analyst * Richard Shipley Deutsche Asset Management - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the US analysts and investors conference call of Diageo. For your information, today's conference is being recorded.&nbsp;At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Paul Walsh. Please go ahead, sir.PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. What I'd like to do is give a brief overview of the results that we announced this morning, and then Nick and I will take any questions that you may have.In a difficult environment, Diageo achieved 3% organic net sales growth, 6% organic operating profit growth, and 21% reported EPS growth. Organic marketing spend decreased 1%, as cost efficiencies were delivered from
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 10421 wordsPAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Well, good morning and thank you for joining us today. You will have seen our results this morning and the highlights of our top and bottom line performance are shown on this slide. Across all measures, each of our three regions have contributed to this strong performance.In North America, we continue to outperform in the growing spirits category with net sales up 8%. We also delivered strong growth in beer where net sales grew 18% and in wine where net sales grew 6%. Focus on premium brands and our ability to price delivered positive top line price and mix benefits.In Europe the environment remains tough, but we have continued to grow our spirits brands with targeted investment behind proven growth drivers. Our new integrated European organization is now capturing synergies across sales, production and marketing spend, and we have significantly improved the profitability of our European business.&nbsp;In International we have delivered strong growth, especially in Latin America which now accounts for almost a third of our International business, and which grew over 20% both top and bottom line. In Korea, Taiwan and Nigeria the turnaround has started. It's now taken hold, with these
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 3399 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Diageo Conference call. I will now hand you over to Mr. Paul Walsh and Mr. Nick Rose. Please go ahead, sir. I'll be standing by.PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO, PLC: Hello, everyone. This is Paul here. Thank you for joining us today. As usual, before we move to questions, I'd like to give you a brief overview of the half-year results that we've announced today.In the six months to December, we have once again delivered a strong performance across all our measures. We have delivered organic net sales growth of 5% and organic operating profit growth of 7%. We've continued to improve our organic operating margin up a further 20 basis points in the period.Free cash flow at ?651 million has again demonstrated the ability of our business to generate significant cash, enabling us to return over ?1 billion to shareholders in the first six months through the interim dividend and the doubling of our share buyback to ?700 million. Our underlying earnings per share are up 11%, reflecting our operating performance improvement and the share buyback.&nbsp;Let me summarize the highlights in each of our regions. In North America,
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 9855 wordsPAUL WALSH, CEO AND COO, DIAGEO PLC: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us. The results you've seen this morning once again demonstrate Diageo's ability to deliver strong financial results and improved returns. The strength of our brands and our broad geographic reach, as well as our focus on proven brand and market-building strategies, has again delivered growth and generated strong cash flow.We have outperformed the market in North America with share up 40 basis points. This, and the strength of our international business, continues to drive topline growth. While Europe remains a tough trading environment, even here, topline growth has improved in the second half.We continue to invest behind effective targeted marketing campaigns, and this year we have increased our spend by &pound;80 million. While marketing as a percent of sales has increased, it isn't across the board. We focus spend on the biggest opportunities for growth by brand and by market. This year we have reallocated spend from Europe to international, and within Europe from lower growth brands to those which demonstrate momentum, such as Johnnie Walker.&nbsp;Our focus on cost has allowed us to generate operating margin improvement, despite the input cost increases that
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 4996 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, good afternoon, and welcome to the Diageo conference call. Today's (technical difficulty) will be recorded. I would now like to hand over to Paul Walsh and Nick Rose. Please go ahead.PAUL WALSH, CEO AND COO, DIAGEO PLC: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As usual, before we move to questions, I'd like to give a brief overview of the full-year results that Diageo has announced today.We have delivered strong top and bottom-line growth, as well as double-digit EPS growth for the full year. Despite pressure on input costs, 6% growth in organic net sales, (indiscernible) we've delivered organic operating margin expansion of 30 basis points and organic operating profit growth of 7%. This is in line with our guidance at the beginning of the year. At the same time, we've increased marketing investment, creating a stronger platform for future growth.We also delivered another year of strong free cash flow, at over &pound;1.3 billion. And through our dividends and share buybacks, we've returned a further &pound;2.3 billion to our shareholders.&nbsp;Let me give you a brief overview of performance by region.In North America, Diageo's business continues to outperform the market and gain share. As a result
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 7119 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Diageo Conference Call. I will now hand you over to Mr. Paul Walsh and Mr. Nick Rose.PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Hello everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As usual, before we go into questions, let me give a brief overview of Diageo's performance in the past year.Diageo is now a focused premium drinks business, and this is the first year in which premium's rates have been the sole driver of our operating performance. Strong volume growth and our global priority brands, price, and mix improvement, and a further improvement in operating margin over the previous year, demonstrate the strength of the business that we have created.&nbsp;Also in this year we have delivered a record [GBP]1.5b in free cash flow, an increase in the dividend of 8% and a further [GBP]300m in share repurchases. So, with those highlights, let us now go straight into your questions.OPERATOR: [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Thank you. The first question comes from [Ann Curtain]. Please go ahead, madam.ANN CURTAIN, ANALYST: Good afternoon.PAUL WALSH: Hi.ANN CURTAIN: Just a couple of things. Can I get Smirnoff or -- volume growth excluding the new product launches -- just
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 11536 wordsPAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Good morning, ladies and gentleman, and thank you for joining us today.Diageo's performance objectives are clear, and today Nick and I will review our progress against these goals.We want to be recognized as a Company which delivers profitable top-line growth consistently. In addition, we believe the key drivers of shareholder value are operating margin improvement, increasing the return on invested capital, and delivering strong free cash flow. All of these have been delivered this year. We are, of course, particularly proud of our achievement this year of a record level of free cash flow.&nbsp;We invest to build our brands, improve our route to market and seek out efficiencies in all aspects of the business. Again, this year we have made progress against each of these objectives.While our reported figures have been impacted by the continued weakness of the US Dollar and other currencies against the pound, our underlying trading has been robust.Profitable -- profitable top-line growth for the full year is consistent with our performance in the first half. Organic net sales growth was 6%. It has been delivered through good volume growth, continued mix improvement, and through price increases. In a consumer
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 14213 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Walsh Diageo PLC - CEO * Nick Rose Diageo PLC - CFO * Ivan Menezes Diageo PLC - President, North American & Chairman Asia Pacific * Stuart Fletcher Diageo PLC - President, International * Andy Morgan Diageo PLC - President, Europe * Gilbert Ghostine Diageo PLC - President, Asia PacificConference Call Participants* Mitch Collett Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jamie Isenwater Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ann Gurkin Davenport & Co - Analyst * Trevor Stirling Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Melissa Earlam UBS - Analyst * Simon Hales Evolution Securities - Analyst * Antoine Belge HSBC - Analyst * Chris Pitcher Redburn Partners - Analyst * Ian Shackleton Nomura - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Bank of America Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Good morning, and thank you for your time today. We're staying with our usual format, although Nick is doing this for the last time. He and I will take you through the results we released this morning, in some more detail, and then we'll take your questions. At that point, we'll be joined by our four regional Presidents, Stuart Fletcher, Ivan Menezes, Andrew Morgan and Gilbert Ghostine. We also
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 2826 wordsCorporate Participants* Nick Rose Diageo PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Thomas Paulson Cornerstone Capital Management, Inc. - Analyst * Del Warmington Delwar Capital Management - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Diageo U.S. analyst and investors conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Nick Rose. Please go ahead, sir.NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Thank you very much. Good morning and good afternoon, everybody, and as always, thank you for joining us today.We are running this call a little differently this afternoon, and I hope in a minute you'll see why. I know that many of you will have already seen today's results announcement, and probably a lot of you also the webcast. So, I think the introduction should be suitably brief from me.&nbsp;I think Diageo has weathered the economic challenges of fiscal 2010 to not only deliver both top and bottom line growth, but frankly, more importantly, to strengthen our business.We have up-weighted our marketing investment behind campaigns which we know drive growth. And we've also taken the decisions which, often difficult, to kind of restructure most areas of the business. We've
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 10179 wordsPAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO: Well, good morning ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today. We've made a good start to this year as these results show, and we are on track to improve our key financial ratios for the 6th consecutive year. In the half, we've delivered a further 5% organic net sales growth and organic operating profit growth was 8%.We already have industry-leading operating margins, and we have posted further organic operating margin expansion, up 60 basis points. Last year, cash flow for the period was strong at over &pound;600m, and that strength has been maintained this year with free cash flow up a further &pound;16min the half. And the return on invested capital has improved by a further 0.3 percentage points to 17.9%.As Nick will explain, underlying growth in EPS was 12%, driven by organic operating profit growth, lower interest and our share buyback program. As you know, Diageo operates in some attractive markets where spirits in particular are showing good growth. This is especially so in our biggest market, North America. However, we also operate in some tough markets. Overall though, our scale and brand strength gives us the ability to generate
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 4358 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Diageo conference call. I will now hand it over to Mr. Paul Walsh and Mr. Nick Rose. Please go ahead.PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIRECTOR, DIAGEO, PLC: Hello, everyone. This is Paul here. Thank you for joining us today. As usual, before we go into questions, I will give a brief overview of Diageo's performance in the past 6 months.In the half, we have delivered 5 percent organic net sales growth and organic operating profit growth of 8 percent. So again, we have improved our operating margins. We delivered further strong cash performance with free cash flow of 636 million pounds, a 16 million-pound increase over last year.&nbsp;On an underlying basis, EPS increased by 14 percent, and we have continued our share repurchase program, returning a further 353 million pounds to shareholders in the half.This is also the first time we have reported our results using the regional organization we introduced in October 2004, comprising of North America, Europe, and international.Let me give you some quick highlights. In North America, our largest spirit market, performance was strong -- both by comparison with the spirits industry, and certainly in comparison with the wider consumer
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 14375 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Walsh Diageo PLC - CEO * Deirdre Mahlan Diageo PLC - CFO * Ivan Menezes Diageo PLC - President, North America and Chairman, Asia Pacific * Gilbert Ghostine Diageo PLC - President, Asia-Pacific * Andy Fennell Diageo PLC - CMO * Andrew Morgan Diageo PLC - President, Europe * Stuart Fletcher Diageo PLC - President, InternationalConference Call Participants* Ian Shackleton Nomura - Analyst * Trevor Stirling Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Ann Gurkin Davenport & Co. - Analyst * Mitch Collett Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jason DeRise UBS - Analyst * Jamie Isenwater Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jonathan Cook RBS - Analyst * Chris Pitcher Redburn Partners - Analyst * James Edwardes Jones Espirito Santo - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts Bank of America - Analyst * Simon Hales Evolution Securities - Analyst * Jamie Norman Evolution Securities - Analyst * Matthew Jordan Matrix - Analyst * Gerard Rijk ING Bank - Analyst * Erwan Rambourg HSBC - Analyst * Javier Gonzalez-Lastra Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationPAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Good morning and thank you for your time today. I want to welcome Deirdre Mahlan for her first set of results as Diageo's
Diageo PLC	FinalCorporate Participants* Paul Walsh Diageo plc - CEO * Nick Rose Diageo plc - CFO * Ivan Menezes Diageo plc - President Diageo North America & Chairman Diageo Asia Pacific * Andrew Morgan Diageo plc - President Diageo Europe * Stuart Fletcher Diageo plc - President Diageo International * Andy Fennell Diageo plc - Chief Marketing OfficerConference Call Participants* Simon Hales Evolution Securities - Analyst * Ian Shackleton Nomura International plc - Analyst * Trevor Stirling Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Erwan Rambourg HSBC - Analyst * Jamie Isenwater Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Melissa Earlam UBS - Analyst * Matthew Jordan Matrix - Analyst * Chris Pitcher Redburn Partners - Analyst * Philip Morrisey Citigroup - Analyst * Gerard Rijk ING - Analyst * Anthony Bucalo Credit Suisse - Analyst * Nico Lambrechts BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationPAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Good morning, and thanks for your time today. We're going to stay with the format that we've used previously in these results webcasts. Firstly, Nick and I will take you through the results we released this morning, in some more detail, and then we'll take your questions.At that point, we'll be joined by our four regional presidents,
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 3308 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Walsh Diageo PLC - CEO * Nick Rose Diageo PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* John McMillin Lord Abbett & Co. LLC - Analyst * Thomas Russo Gardner, Russo & Gardner - Analyst * Jonathan White Evergreen Investment Management - Analyst * Kevin Dreyer Gabelli & Company, Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the US analysts and investors conference call for Diageo. This conference is being recorded.At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to today's host, Mr. Paul Walsh. Please go ahead.&nbsp;PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Well, good afternoon, good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. What I'd like to do is give a very brief overview of our results, as many of you will have participated in the webcast this morning, and then Nick and I will take your questions.It has been a challenging six months with economic trends little improved over the second half of fiscal '09. And, as we've communicated before, we did have a tough comparable topline growth in Q1 last year of 6%. We finished the half slightly stronger than anticipated with organic net sales up 2% in quarter two, despite being down 6%
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 11791 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Walsh Diageo plc - CEO * Nick Rose Diageo plc - CFO * Stuart Fletcher Diageo PLC - President Diageo International * Andrew Morgan Diageo PLC - President Diageo Europe * Ivan Menezes Diageo PLC - President Diageo North America * John Pollaers Diageo PLC - President Diageo Asia PacificConference Call Participants* Michael Bleakley Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ann Gurkin Davenport & Co - Analyst * Erwan Rambourg HSBC - Analyst * Melissa Earlam UBS - Analyst * Ian Shackleton Lehman Bros - Analyst * Bryan Spillane Banc of America - Analyst * Trevor Stirling Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Simon Hales Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Philip Morrisey Citigroup - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Good morning everyone. In the room with us today we have our new Chairman, Franz Humer. Franz has been on the Diageo Board for three years. He has a wealth of experience of managing global companies, which we will benefit from as Franz takes up his new role. So welcome, Franz.Now moving to our results. The results that we've announced today demonstrate the consistency of our performance. And this consistency is the result of our brands and geographic
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 5143 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Walsh Diageo - CEO * Nick Rose Diageo - CFO & Finance DirectorConference Call Participants* Todd Duvick Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Del Warmington Delwar Capital - Analyst * Trevor Stirling Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Thomas Paulson Cornerstone - Analyst * Tony Gleason Neuberger Berman - Analyst * Melissa Earlam UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Diageo preliminary results presentation conference call. At this time I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Paul Walsh, CEO. Please go ahead.&nbsp;PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO: Well, good afternoon, everybody. It is Paul here, and thanks for joining us. What I would like to do is give a brief overview of the results that we have announced this morning, and then Nick and I will take any questions that you have.We have reported another year of strong organic growth with net sales up 7% and operating profit up 9% with free cash flow of GBP1.252 billion. Our return on invested capital increased 50 basis points to 14.9%. We have returned GBP1.9 billion to shareholders with dividends at GBP857 million and share buybacks of GBP1 billion.
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 5076 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Diageo preliminary results presentation conference call. At this time I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Paul Walsh, CEO. Please go ahead.PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO: Well, good afternoon, everybody. It is Paul here, and thanks for joining us. What I would like to do is give a brief overview of the results that we have announced this morning, and then Nick and I will take any questions that you have.We have reported another year of strong organic growth with net sales up 7% and operating profit up 9% with free cash flow of GBP1.252 billion. Our return on invested capital increased 50 basis points to 14.9%. We have returned GBP1.9 billion to shareholders with dividends at GBP857 million and share buybacks of GBP1 billion. We're recommending a full-year dividend per share of 34.35p, which will be up 5% on last year.Moving to the regions, in North America our priority brands -- Crown Royal, Captain Morgan, Smirnoff and Johnnie Walker -- delivered strong net sales growth, which more than offset the 10% net sales decline in ready-to-drink. These brands continued to gain value
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 11665 wordsPAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Good morning everyone. In the room with us today we have our new Chairman, Franz Humer. Franz has been on the Diageo Board for three years. He has a wealth of experience of managing global companies, which we will benefit from as Franz takes up his new role. So welcome, Franz.Now moving to our results. The results that we've announced today demonstrate the consistency of our performance. And this consistency is the result of our brands and geographic diversity. This is a strength, particularly in today's world. This year we've delivered 7% organic net sales growth. Stronger price mix improvement is primarily the result of our scotch strategy to focus on value over volume, but also reflects the price increases that we've implemented throughout the business.As a result, we've continued to expand our margins despite the tougher cost pressures that we face this year. Marketing spend, excluding Korea and ready-to-drink, was up 8%. And operating margins were up a total of 70 basis points. As a result, operating profit grew 9%.&nbsp;We have again generated strong free cash flow in a year in which we've invested heavily to support the future growth of the
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 11572 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Walsh Diageo plc - CEO * Nick Rose Diageo plc - CFO * Andrew Morgan Diageo Europe - President * John Pollaers Diageo Asia Pacific - President * Ivan Menezes Diageo North America - President * Stuart Fletcher Diageo International - PresidentConference Call Participants* Trevor Stirling Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Ian Shackleton Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Michael Bleakley Credit Suisse - Analyst * Graeme Eadie Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ann Gurkin Davenport & Company - Analyst * Bryan Spillane BOA - Analyst * Antoine Belge HSBC - AnalystPresentationLondon Feb 14, 2008 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of Diageo PLC earnings conference call or presentation Thursday, February 14, 2008 at 9:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Paul WalshDiageo plc - CEO* Nick RoseDiageo plc - CFO* Andrew MorganDiageo Europe - President* John PollaersDiageo Asia Pacific - President* Ivan MenezesDiageo North America - President* Stuart FletcherDiageo International - PresidentConference Call Participants* Trevor StirlingSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Ian ShackletonLehman Brothers - Analyst* Michael BleakleyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Graeme EadieDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Ann GurkinDavenport & Company - Analyst* Bryan SpillaneBOA - Analyst* Antoine BelgeHSBC - AnalystPresentationPAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Good morning. As you know,
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 11347 wordsPAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Good morning. As you know, this is the first time that we've presented our results solely on the web from our offices here in London. Our aim is to make it easier for you to access this presentation and use your time more efficiently.The change in medium is the only change that we've made today. Nick and I will present the results in the usual format. And then, we will be joined by the four regional presidents, to take your questions.Our results today show the consistent growth which we aim to deliver across these key financial measures. Against the same period last year we've seen an acceleration in top line growth from 6% to 7% driven by our robust pricing strategies across many markets.&nbsp;Growth in marketing spend was impacted by the reduction in spend in Korea. But outside of Korea, spend on our non-ready to drink brands again increased ahead of sales, up 8% in the half. Operating margin increased yet again this year, up 80 basis points, on an organic basis to 25% despite increases in commodity costs.Operating profit growth is in line with our previous guidance. And we've reiterated our full
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 5611 wordsCorporate Participants* Paul Walsh Diageo - CEO * Nick Rose Diageo - CFOConference Call Participants* Todd Duvick Banc of America - Analyst * Chris Pitcher Redburn Partners - Analyst * Del Warmington Delwar Capital - Analyst * Yasmine Brinberg Clovis Capital - Analyst * Bryan Spillane Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Thomas Paulson Cornerstone Capital Management - Analyst * Bruce Davidson Blue Oar Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Diageo interim results conference call. Information in today's conference is being recorded. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Paul Walsh. Please go ahead, sir.PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. As usual, before we move to questions, what I'd like to do is give a brief overview of the results that we've announced today.This morning, we announced results which show acceleration in topline growth from 6% to 7%, driven by our robust pricing strategies in many markets, operating margin improvement of 80 basis points, and organic operating profit growth of 9%, in line with our previous guidance. In addition, we have reiterated our guidance for 9%
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 5535 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Diageo interim results conference call. Information in today's conference is being recorded. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Paul Walsh. Please go ahead, sir.PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO: Thank you. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. As usual, before we move to questions, what I'd like to do is give a brief overview of the results that we've announced today.This morning, we announced results which show acceleration in topline growth from 6% to 7%, driven by our robust pricing strategies in many markets, operating margin improvement of 80 basis points, and organic operating profit growth of 9%, in line with our previous guidance. In addition, we have reiterated our guidance for 9% organic operating profit growth for the full year.The strong cash flow characteristics of the business mean that we returned over GBP1 billion to shareholders and have increased our dividend for the half by a further 5%. Our growth has been broad-based across all major spirits categories, and net sales of spirits were up 7%. In beer, net sales were up 8%, and our wine brands were up
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 10797 wordsPAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Well, good morning. And thanks for joining us today. Diageo strives for consistent performance across all the key business measures. As you have seen from our results this morning, we have again delivered on each of these. In addition, these first half results do show an acceleration in performance against last year.Price mix has improved over the prior period, with volume up 4%, yet net sales up 6%. And we have continued to invest behind growth categories. Marketing spend is up again in line with net sales. Operating margin increased by a further 90 basis points, driving 8% operating profit growth and a 14% increase in EPS. As a result of this strong start, and as you will have seen in our announcement this morning, we are raising our guidance for full-year organic operating profit growth to 8%.Moving from the measures of trading performance to those which show our financial strength. We have again generated very strong free cash flow and, as previously announced, we are implementing a full-year share buyback program totaling GBP1.4b. GBP700m of this was completed in the first half. Together with the final dividend which we paid in October,
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 2530 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Diageo conference call. I will now hand you over to Paul Walsh and Nick Rose. Please go ahead.PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As usual, before we move into questions, what I'd like to do is offer a brief overview of the interim results that we've announced today.As you've seen, it was a strong performance, with top and bottom line growth as well as double-digit EPS growth. Price mix has improved and, as a result, net sales were up 6%. We've continued to invest behind our growth categories and marketing spend is up in line with net sales. Operating margin expanded 90 basis points, driving organic operating profit growth of 8%.We have again generated very strong free cash flow and, as previously announced, we are implementing our full year share buyback program totaling GBP1.4b, GBP700m of which we have completed in the first half. Together with the final dividend, which we paid in October, we've returned nearly GBP1.25b to shareholders in this half. In 2008, assuming similar levels of free cash flow and acquisition activity to those that we had in 2006
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 9977 wordsPAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO PLC: Well, good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us today.Diageo's focus is on building brands and building superior organizations in market, thereby creating an even stronger platform for sustained growth. The results that we have announced today demonstrate the success of that focus. The acceleration in growth year-on-year on all the key financial measures shows the strength of our business.Top line growth was up year-on-year to 7%, driven by a stronger performance in International and Asia Pacific. It was ahead of the growth in the first half due to improvement in Europe from a decline of 2% to 4% net sales growth in the second half. And, in Asia Pacific, net sales growth improved from 9% in the first half to 17% in the second half.We continued to increase marketing investment ahead of sales growth, with spend on a like-for-like basis up GBP85m this year, which is ahead of last year's growth. Much of this increase is behind our most successful campaigns, such as Johnnie Walker &quot;Keep Walking&quot; where net sales grew 16% and &quot;Clearly Smirnoff&quot; which drove 9% net sales growth.&nbsp;Our focus on value continues to deliver consistent improvement in operating leverage.
Diageo PLC	LENGTH: 2785 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I will now turn the meeting over to your speaker, Mr. Paul Walsh. Please go ahead. I will be standing by.PAUL WALSH, CEO, DIAGEO: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Before we move to questions, what I would like to do is give a brief overview of the results that we announced today. I believe these results are some of the best that we have delivered. They demonstrate the success that we have had from our consistent focus on building brands and superior organizations in market. We've accelerated growth year-on-year on all key financial measures.We continued to invest ahead of sales behind our key brands in growing categories, and as a result, we improved this year's operating margin by 40 additional basis points. And we drove operating profit growth to 9%. In addition, we again generated strong free cash flow of GBP1.4 billion, allowing us to return a further GBP2.3 billion to shareholders in the year.&nbsp;With strong net sales growth
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 8466 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kimberly and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to Danaher Corporation fourth quarter and year end 2003 results conference call. [OPERATOR'S INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to turn the conference over to Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations.ANDY WILSON, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER CORPORATION: Thank you Kimberly and good morning everyone. With me today is Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Pat Allender, our Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. I would like to point out that our earnings release is available on our Web site under the heading Investor News. Our Web site address is www.danaher.com. As our year-end Form 10-K has not yet been filed, we have included as part of the earnings release, the year-end balance sheet and cash flow statements. In addition, we have included 2003 quarterly segment data as well as supplemental income data and the release to facilitate your analysis.&nbsp;Please note that this call will be replayed through February 2. The replay number is 706-645-9291. I.D. Code 4971622. I'll repeat that at the end of the call. I'd also like to note
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9187 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kimberly, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation first quarter 2004 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers's remarks, there will be a question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star, then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to introduce to you Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.ANDY WILSON, VP OF IR, DANAHER: Thanks, Kimberly, and good morning, everyone. With me today is Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Pat Allender, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release and 10Q are available on our website under the heading Investor News. Our website address is www.danaher.com.Additionally, access to a webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the same heading, Investor News. Please note that this call
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9378 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Miles and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation second quarter 2004 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star, then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, VICE PRESIDENT INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today.With me is Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Pat Allender, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;I'd like to note that our earnings release and summary financial financials are available on our Web site as well as the 10-Q for this quarter under the heading, &quot;Investor Information&quot;. Our Web site address is www.Danaher.com. Additionally, access to a Web cast presentation supplementing today's
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9124 wordsCorporate Participants* Andy Wilson Danaher - VP of IR * Larry Culp Danaher - President, CEO * Dan Comas Danaher - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Nicole Parent Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Inch Banc of America - Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Wendy Caplan Wachovia Securities - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert W Baird - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Trisha and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation fourth quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions). Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. Thank you.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, VP OF
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9632 wordsCorporate Participants* Andy Wilson Danaher - VP of IR * Larry Culp Danaher - President, CEO * Dan Comas Danaher - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * John Baliotti FTN Equity Capital Markets - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert W Baird - Analyst * Nicole Parent Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Cecilia and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher corporation first quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions). Please limit to one question and one follow-up. Thank you.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, VP OF IR, DANAHER: Good morning, everyone, and
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9270 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrewDanaher Corporation - VP of IR* Larry CulpDanaher Corporation - President & CEO* Dan ComasDanaher Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Steve Winoker&nbsp;Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research - Analyst* Jon GrobergMacquarie Capital - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Brandon CouillardJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Isaac RoGoldman Sachs & Co. - Analyst* John InchDeutsche Bank Research - Analyst* Deane DrayCiti Investment Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Jennifer and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation second-quarter 2013 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin.MATT MCGREW, VP OF IR, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 7532 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jessica and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation 2005 fourth quarter earnings results conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Thank you. Mr Wilson, you may begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, VP IR, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today is Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Pat Allender, our Executive Vice President. I would like to point out that our earnings release is available on our website under the heading Investor Events. As our year-end Form 10K has not yet been filed, we have included as part of the earnings release the fourth quarter income statement and the year-end balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statements. In addition we have included 2005 quarterly segment data, as well as supplemental income statement data, in the release to facilitate your analysis. Our website address is danaher.com. Additionally, access to a webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the same heading, Investor Events.&nbsp;This call will be replayed through January 30th and the audio
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9513 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Tiffany and I will be your conference operator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation first quarter earnings conference call.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference, sir.ANDY WILSON, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER CORPORATION: Thank you, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. With me are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;I'd like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are available on our Web site under the heading &quot;Investor Events.&quot; Additional access to a Webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the same heading, &quot;Investor Events.&quot;This call will be replayed through April 30th and the audio portion will be archived on our Web site, danaher.com, later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 800-642-1687 with the confirmation code of
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 8076 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kimberly and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, IR, DANAHER: Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. With me are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as Pat Allender, our Executive Vice President. I'd like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are available on our website under the heading investor events. Additionally, access to a web cast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the same heading under our website. This call will be replayed through July 24 and the audio portion will be archived on our web site later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 1-800-642-1687, confirmation code 2093155. I will repeat this information at the end
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 8234 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matthew Pepper, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation 2006 third quarter earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS].I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, please go ahead, sir.ANDY WILSON, VP, IR, DANAHER: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. With me are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are available on our website under the heading, &quot;investor events.&quot;&nbsp;Additionally, access to a Webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the same heading, &quot;web events.&quot; This call will be replayed through October 23rd, and the audio portion will be archived on our website later today, and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 888-203-1112, and
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9396 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Katrina and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call.[Operator Instructions]Thank you. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today. With us is Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Allender, our Executive Vice President.&nbsp;I would like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are available on our website under the heading, Investor Events. Additionally, access to a webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the same heading, Investor Events. This call will be replayed through July 30th and the audio portion will be archived on our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay is number is 800-642-1687, and the confirmation code is 7083582. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9327 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Rebecca and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Andy Wilson.ANDY WILSON, IR, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. With me is Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Pat Allender, our Executive Vice President.I would like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are available on our website under the heading Investor Events, along with a supplemental schedule which contains important financial reconciliation information. Additionally, a webcast presentation was posted at 8:00 AM today supplementing today's call and can be found under the same heading, Investor Events.&nbsp;This call will be replayed through October 24 and the audio portion will be archived on our website later today and remain archived until next quarterly call. The replay number for this is 1-800-642-1687 and the
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 10201 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrew Danaher - VP of IR * Larry Culp Danaher - CEO * Dan Comas Danaher - CFOConference Call Participants* Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays - Amayst * Deane Dray City Investment Research - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * John Inch Bank of America - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Wendy Caplan Sun Trust - Analyst * Jason Feldman UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Corine, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation third quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may now begin your conference.&nbsp;MATT MCGREW, VP OF IR, DANAHER: Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 8350 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matthew, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation's third-quarter earnings results conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. With me is Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Pat Allender, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;I would like to note that our earnings release and summary financials, as well as the 10-Q for the quarter, are available on our Web site under the heading, Investor Information. Our Web site address is www.Danaher.com. Additionally access to a Web cast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the same heading, Investor News.This call will be replayed through October 25th, and the audio portion will be archived on our Web site later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 800-642-1687, and the confirmation code is 1307910. I will repeat this information at the
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 7714 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Elizabeth (ph) and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation fourth-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Mr. Wilson, you may now begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, VP IR, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. With me is Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Pat Allender, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Comas, our Senior Vice President.&nbsp;I would like to point out that our earnings release is available on our website under the heading Investor Events. As our year-end form 10-K has not yet been filed, we have included as part of the earnings release the fourth-quarter income statement and the year-end balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statements. In addition, we have included 2004 quarterly segment data, as well as supplemental income data in the release to facilitate your analysis. Our website address is www.danaher.com.Additionally, access to webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9473 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrew Danaher Corporation - VP - Investor Relations * Larry Culp Danaher Corporation - Pres.,CEO * Dan Comas Danaher Corporation - CFO, EVPConference Call Participants* Steve Tusa, Jr. JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Robert Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Jon Wood Jefferies & Company - Analyst * John Inch BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Deane Dray FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Mark Douglas Longbow Research - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steve TusaPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Casey and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation first quarter 2011 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions)&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9942 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrewDanaher Corp - VP - IR* Larry CulpDanaher Corp - President and CEO* Dan ComasDanaher Corp - CFO, EVPConference Call Participants* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities Intl - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - Analyst* Jon WoodJefferies & Company - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steve WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Jon GrobergMacquarie Capital - Analyst* Richard EastmanRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Augusta and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation first quarter 2012 earnings release call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP - IR, DANAHER CORP: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9312 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrewDanaher Corp - VP, IR* Larry CulpDanaher Corp - President, CEO* Dan ComasDanaher Corp - CFO, EVPConference Call Participants* Steve WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Stephen TusaJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jon WoodJefferies & Company - Analyst* Scott Davis&nbsp;Barclays Capital - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities Intl - Analyst* Charlie ClarkCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jon GrobergMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Terry DarlingGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Debbie, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation second-quarter 2012 earnings results conference. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) Just a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP, IR, DANAHER CORP: Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our
Danaher Corp.	FinalCorporate Participants* Matt McGrew Danaher - VP, IR * Larry Culp Danaher - CEO * Dan Comas Danaher - CFOConference Call Participants* Nigel Coe Deutssche Bank - Analyst * Deane Dray FBR - Analyst * Robert Cornell Barclay's - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Baliotti FTN - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citi - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel - Analyst * Richare Eastman Robert W. Baird - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is William and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation Fourth Quarter 2009 earnings results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;MATT MCGREW, VP, IR, DANAHER: Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Lawrence Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release,
Danaher Corp.	FinalCorporate Participants* Matt McGrew Danaher - VP- IR * Larry Culp Danaher - President. CEO * Dan Comas Danaher - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein & Company - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research Partners - Analyst * John Inch BofA/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert W. Baird & Company - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning my name is April and I will be our conference facilitator toady. At this time I would like everyone to join-- I'm sorry, at this time, everyone-- I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation first quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions)&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP- IR, DANAHER: Good morning, everyone
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 10190 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrew Danaher Corporation - VP - IR * Larry Culp Danaher Corporation - President & CEO * Daniel Comas Danaher Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research Partners - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ajit Pai Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Julian Mitchell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Wendy Captan SunTrust - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is John and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation second-quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investors Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;MATT MCGREW, VP - IR, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9273 wordsCorporate Participants* Dan Comas Danaher - CFO, EVP * Larry Culp Danaher - President, CEO * Matt McGrew Danaher - VP - Investor RelationsConference Call Participants* Steve Tusa JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Inch BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research Partners - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Nomura - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Jon Wood Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Deane Dray FBR Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Erin, and I will be your Conference Facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation fourth-quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions)&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP - INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER: Thank, Erin. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9092 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrewDanaher Corp - VP of IR* Larry CulpDanaher Corp - President and CEO* Dan ComasDanaher Corp - CFO, EVPConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jon WoodJefferies & Company - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities Intl - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst&nbsp;* Steven WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ross MukenISI Group - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Deane DrayCiti Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Hello, everyone. My name is Surlan and I will be your conference facilitator.Good day and welcome to the Danaher Corporation fourth-quarter 2012 earnings results. Today's conference is being recorded. All lines are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.MATT MCGREW, VP OF IR, DANAHER CORP: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, and the reconciling and other information required by
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9300 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrewDanaher Corporation - VP, IR* Larry CulpDanaher Corporation - President & CEO* Dan ComasDanaher Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Steve TusaJPMorgan Chase - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steven WinokerSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst&nbsp;* Deane DrayCiti Research - Analyst* Jon GrobergMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - Analyst* Ross MukenISI Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Lisa and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation first-quarter 2013 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP, IR, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9882 wordsCorporate Participants* Andy Wilson Danaher - VP IR * Larry Culp Danaher - President, CEO * Dan Comas Danaher - CFOConference Call Participants* Robert Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Deane Dray Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Nicole Parent Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert W Baird - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Audrey, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation third quarter 2008 results conference. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Please limit your questions to one and one follow-up.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, please go ahead.ANDY WILSON, VP IR, DANAHER: Thanks Audrey. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9789 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Audrey, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation third quarter 2008 results conference. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Please limit your questions to one and one follow-up.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, please go ahead.&nbsp;ANDY WILSON, VP IR, DANAHER: Thanks Audrey. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, form 10-Q, and slide presentation supplementing today's call and reconciling other information required by SEC Regulation G related to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor sections of the website, which is up and running at www.Danaher.com, under the heading &quot;earnings&quot;, it will be made available following the call. In addition the audio portion of
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 8202 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrew Danaher - VP, IR * Larry Culp Danaher - Pres., CEO * Dan Comas Danaher - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Deane Dray FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * John Baliotti FTN Equity Capital Markets - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert Baird - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Mark Pinya, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation's second quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin.&nbsp;MATT MCGREW, VP, IR, DANAHER: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9847 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrew Danaher - VP of IR * Larry Culp Danaher - President & CEO * Dan Comas Danaher - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Deane Dray FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Jason Feldman UBS - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Lauren and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation third quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. All lines have been place on mute to prevent background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.&nbsp;I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP OF IR, DANAHER: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9743 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrewDanaher Corporation - VP - Investor Relations* Larry CulpDanaher Corporation - Pres.,CEO* Dan ComasDanaher Corporation - CFO, EVPConference Call Participants* Steven WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Deane DrayCiti Investment Research - Analyst* Steve Tusa, Jr.JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Jon WoodJefferies & Company - Analyst* John InchBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities Intl - Analyst* Jeffrey SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Mark DouglasLongbow Research - Analyst* Richard EastmanRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Jason FeldmanUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is April and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation second quarter 2011 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP - INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER CORPORATION: Thanks, April. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9227 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrewDanaher Corporation - VP - Investor Relations* Larry CulpDanaher Corporation - President, CEO* Dan ComasDanaher Corporation - CFO, EVPConference Call Participants* Steve TusaJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jon WoodJefferies & Company - Analyst* John InchBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Steve WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities Intl - Analyst* Jeffrey SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Deane DrayCiti Investment Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Dave and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation third quarter 2011 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions).I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP - INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9354 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrewDanaher Corp - VP - Investor Relations* Larry CulpDanaher Corp - President, CEO* Dan ComasDanaher Corp - CFO, EVPConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Stephen TusaJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Terry DarlingGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jon WoodJefferies & Company - Analyst* Jeffrey SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Nigel CoeDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Steve WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Jon GrobergMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Trisha, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation fourth-quarter earnings release call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session period. (Operator Instructions).I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP - INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER CORP: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9513 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrewDanaher Corp - VP - IR* Larry CulpDanaher Corp - President & CEO* Dan ComasDanaher Corp - CFO, EVPConference Call Participants* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities Intl - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - Analyst* Jon WoodJefferies & Company - Analyst&nbsp;* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Steven WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* John InchBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jon GrobergMacquarie Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Deeana and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation third-quarter 2012 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)I will now turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP - IR, DANAHER CORP: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Comas our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 10299 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ANDY WILSON, VP OF IR, DANAHER: Thanks, Theresa and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release is available on our website under the heading earnings. As our year-end Form 10-K has not yet been filed we've included as part of the earnings release the fourth quarter income statement, year-end balance sheet, and cash flow statement. In addition we've included data in the press release reflecting our business segmentation as well as segmental, supplemental income statement data to facilitate your analysis. Our earnings for
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 10038 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation 2008 first quarter earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Thank you.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ANDY WILSON, VP IR, DANAHER: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are available in the investor section of our website, Danaher.com, under the heading Earnings. Access to the slide presentation supplementing today's call can also be found on the Danaher website under the same heading. Both the audio of this call and the slide presentation will be archived on the website later today and will be available until the next quarterly call. In addition,
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 10132 wordsCorporate Participants* Andy Wilson Danaher - VP IR * Larry Culp Danaher - President, CEO * Dan Comas Danaher - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Deane Dray Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bob Cornell Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Nicole Parent Credit Suisse - Analyst * John Baliotti FTN Midwest Securities - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert W Baird - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation 2008 first quarter earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Thank you.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, VP IR, DANAHER: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 8207 wordsCorporate Participants* Andy Wilson Danaher Corp - VP IR * Larry Culp Danaher Corp - President & CEO * Dan Comas Danaher Corp - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Robert Cornell Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Deane Dray Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Wendy Caplan Wachovia - Analyst * Richard Eastman Robert Baird - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Nikki, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation, second quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like the turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ANDY WILSON, VP IR, DANAHER CORP: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 8117 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Nikki, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation, second quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like the turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ANDY WILSON, VP IR, DANAHER CORP: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I would like to point out that our earnings release, Form 10Q, a slide presentation supplementing today's call and reconciling and other information required by the SEC Regulation G to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available on our investor section of our website at Danaher.com under the heading earnings and will remain available following the call. In addition the audio portion of the call will be archived on the investor section of
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9573 wordsCorporate Participants* Matt McGrewDanaher Corporation - VP, IR* Larry CulpDanaher Corporation - President & CEO* Dan ComasDanaher Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steve WinokerSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst&nbsp;* Jon GrobergMacquarie Research - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Brandon CouillardJefferies & Company - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - Analyst* Ross MukenISI Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Debbie and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation third-quarter 2013 earnings results conference call.(Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt McGrew, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP, IR, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I would like to point out that our earnings release, slide presentation supplementing today's call, our third-quarter Form 10-Q, and the reconciling and other
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9387 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Mark Pennion, I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation fourth quarter and full-year 2006 earnings results conference call.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]Thank you very much. I would now like to turn the call to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations.Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, VP OF IR, DANAHER: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us.On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Pat Allender, our Executive Vice President. I'd like to point out that our earnings release is available on our website under the heading investor events. As our year end Form 10-K has not yet been filed, we have included as part of the earnings release the fourth quarter income statement, year end balance sheet and cash flow statement.In addition, we've included data reflecting our business segmentation, as well as supplemental income statement data in the release to facilitate your analysis. Access to a webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the same heading of investor events.
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 7555 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Anthony. I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation first quarter 2007 earnings conference call.All lines have been placed on a mute status to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Thank you.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, you may begin your conference.ANDY WILSON, VP OF IR, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us.&nbsp;On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are on our Web site under the heading &quot;Investor Events&quot;. Access to our webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the same heading, &quot;Investor Events&quot;.Finally, in an attempt to limit our prepared remarks, we have included in the webcast presentation materials supplemental documentation detailing the impact of acquisitions and currency on Company and [segment] revenues as well as additional information identifying factors impacting Company and
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 9280 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Matt [Hepburn] and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation second-quarter 2007 earnings results conference call.All lines have been placed in mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Wilson, please go ahead.ANDY WILSON, VP IR, DANAHER CORP.: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;I'd like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are available on our Web site, under the heading &quot;Investor Events.&quot; Access to our webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the same heading, &quot;Investor Events.&quot;In addition, we've included, in the webcast, presentation materials, supplemental documentation detailing the impact of acquisitions and currency translation on company and segment revenues, as well as additional information identifying factors impacting Company and segment margins for
Danaher Corp.	LENGTH: 8380 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, everyone. My name is Melissa and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Danaher Corporation 2007 third quarter earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to reduce any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Andy Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.ANDY WILSON, VP IR, DANAHER: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are available on our Website, under the heading earnings. Access to our webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the heading, web events. In addition, we have included the Webcast presentation, materials, supplemental documentation detailing the impact of acquisitions and currency translation on company and segment revenues, as well as additional information identifying factors impacting company segment margins for the relevant periods.&nbsp;This call will be replayed through
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 6403 wordsWENDY WEBB, SVP, IR AND SHAREHOLDER SERVICES, THE WALT DISNEY CO.: Hi, I'm Wendy Webb, Disney Senior Vice President Investor Relations, good afternoon and thanks for joining us. We'll start this session with some opening remarks from Michael Eisner, Bob Iger will follow and then we'll hear from Tom Staggs.But before we get started, I have to remind you that certain statements in this presentation and webcast, as well as in other presentations today and tomorrow may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in light of future decisions by the company and by market economic, political, competitive, regulatory, technological and other developments beyond the company's control. And we undertake no obligation to update these statements.Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements is contained in our annual report and on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. So without further adieu, I'll turn the podium over to Michael Eisner.&nbsp;MICHAEL EISNER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY CO.: Thank you all,
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9128 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Walt Disney Company second quarter conference call. At this time all participants have been placed on listen-only mode and the floor will be open for questions following the presentation. If at any point during the presentation you would like to register your question, you may do so by pressing star 1 on your touch-tone phone. Once again, that is star 1 to register your question. Please limit your question to one per caller. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Wendy Webb, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services. Ma'am, you may begin.WENDY WEBB, SVP IR, SHAREHOLDER SVCS., WALT DISNEY: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On the call with us today are Michael Eisner, Disney's Chief Executive Officer, Bob Iger, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Michael will lead off, followed by Tom and Bob, then we will open up the call to you for q&a. We will try our best to conclude the call by 5:15 eastern time. So let's get started. Michael?&nbsp;MICHAEL EISNER, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Wendy. The strong
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 8957 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer The Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR * Bob Iger The Walt Disney Company - President & CEO * Tom Staggs The Walt Disney Company - Senior EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Benjamin Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Michael Nathanson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Michael Morris UBS - Analyst * Mark Wienkes Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jason Helfstein Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Jessica Reif Cohen Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Barclays Capital - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Jason Bazinet Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter earnings Walt Disney conference call. My name is Shamika and I will be your coordinator for your call today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9681 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer Walt Disney - SVP, IR * Bob Iger Walt Disney - President and CEO * Tom Staggs Walt Disney - SEVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Jessica Reif Cohen Banc of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Benjamin Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Michael Nathanson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Mark Wienkes Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael Morris UBS - Analyst * Rich Greenfield Pali Capital - Analyst * Alan Gould Natixis - Analyst * David Miller Cars & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2009 Walt Disney earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn your presentation over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations of Walt Disney. Please proceed.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP, IR, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Eric. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's first quarter 2009 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago, it;s now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and the webcast can be
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9796 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer Walt Disney Co. - SVP IR * Robert Iger Walt Disney Co. - President, CEO * Thomas Staggs Walt Disney Co. - Sr. Exec. VP, CFOConference Call Participants* Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Michael Nathanson Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jessica Reif-Cohen BAS-ML - Analyst * Tuna Amobi Standard & Poor's - Analyst * Benjamin Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jason Bazinet Citigroup - Analyst * David Bank RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Michael Morris UBS - Analyst * Jason Helfstein Oppenheimer & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walt Disney second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions). At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9716 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell SingerThe Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR* Bob IgerThe Walt Disney Company - Chairman and CEO* Jay RasuloThe Walt Disney Company - Senior EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Michael NathansonNomura Securities International, Inc. - Analyst* Ben SwinburneMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Doug MitchelsonDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Jessica Reif CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Alexia QuadraniJPMorgan - Analyst* Todd JuengerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays Capital - Analyst* David BankRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Alan GouldEvercore Partners - Analyst* Michael SennoCredit Suisse - Analyst* David MillerB. Riley & Co. - Analyst* Jason BazinetCiti - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Hello and welcome to the Q2 2013 Walt Disney Company earnings conference call. My name is Myesha, and I will be your operator for today's call.At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Please note this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Lowell, you may begin.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Walt Disney Company's second-quarter 2013 earnings call. We issued our press
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 7941 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell SingerThe Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR* Jay RasuloThe Walt Disney Company - SEVP & CFO* Bob IgerThe Walt Disney Company - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants* Doug MitchelsonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jessica Reif CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Alexia QuadraniJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Ben Swinburne&nbsp;Morgan Stanley - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays Capital - Analyst* Todd JuengerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* David BankRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Marci RyvickerWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* David MillerB. Riley & Co. - Analyst* Barton CrockettLazard Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR:Welcome to the Q3 2013 Walt Disney Company earnings conference call. My name is Leslie, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Singer, you may begin.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Okay. Thanks, Leslie. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to The Walt Disney's Company's third-quarter 2013 earnings call. We issued our press release about 45 minutes ago. It's
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9579 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Walt Disney first quarter 2006 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Wendy Webb, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Shareholder Services. Please proceed, ma'am.WENDY WEBB, VP, IR, SHAREHOLDER SERVICES, WALT DISNEY: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. Hopefully by now all of you have seen two press releases from us, one regarding Disney's fiscal first quarter results and the other regarding the ABC Radio transaction. On this call with us today are Bob Iger, President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Tom, then we will open up the call to you for Q&A. We'll try our best to conclude the call before 5:30 p.m. Eastern time so let's get started. Bob?&nbsp;BOB IGER, CEO, PRESIDENT, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Wendy. Before I talk about our results I want to cover, excuse me, a few broad-ranging subjects. First, a week ago yesterday two journalists from ABC News were severely injured while covering the war in Iraq.
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9310 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company fiscal year 2006 Q2 earnings conference call. My name is Carlo, and I will be your coordinator for today's presentation. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's prepared remarks. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Ms. Wendy Webb, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Shareholder Services. Please proceed, ma'am.WENDY WEBB, SVP OF IR AND SHAREHOLDER SERVICES, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, and thanks for joining us today.On the call with us this afternoon are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off followed by Tom, then we'll open the call to you for Q&A. We'll do our best to conclude the call before 2:30 p.m. Pacific Time. So let's get started.&nbsp;Bob?BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Wendy.We're pleased to be reporting strong quarterly earnings today and equally pleased with the operational, creative, and strategic momentum that continues at
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9483 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Walt Disney third-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. My name is Carlo and I will be your coordinator for today's presentation. At this time, all of our participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's prepared remarks. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Ms. Wendy Webb, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services. Ma'am, you may proceed.WENDY WEBB, SVP OF IR AND SHAREHOLDER SERVICES, WALT DISNEY: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. A quick note that is always and for your convenience our Investor Relations website will provide not only a replay of this call but also MP3 download capability and an archived written transcript of today's remarks.&nbsp;Here with us in Burbank this morning are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off followed by Tom. Then we will open up the call to you for Q&A. We will to our best to conclude
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9443 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fiscal full year and fourth quarter 2006 Walt Disney earnings conference call. My name is Angela, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. And now, I would like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Ms. Teri Klein, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.TERI KLEIN, VP IR, WALT DISNEY: Thank you. Hi, everyone and thank you for joining us. A quick note that for your convenience, our Investor Relations website will provide not only a replay of this call but also an MP3 file and an archived written transcript of today's remarks. Here with us in Burbank are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off followed by Tom and then we'll open up the call to you for Q & A, so let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.&nbsp;BOB IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Teri, and good afternoon. I'm pleased to report that we have had a great year by just about every measure. We posted record revenues,
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9423 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Walt Disney Company's third quarter fiscal year 2005 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, and the floor will be open for questions following the presentation. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Ms. Wendy Webb, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services. Ma'am, you may begin.WENDY WEBB, SVP, IR, SHAREHOLDER SERV., WALT DISNEY: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On the call with us today are Michael Eisner, Disney's CEO, Bob Iger, President and Chief Operating Officer, and CEO-elect, and Tom Staggs, Senior EVP and CFO. Michael will lead off, followed by Bob and Tom. Then we will open up the call to you for Q&A. We will try our best to finish the call by 5:30pm Eastern time.&nbsp;So let's get started. Michael?MICHAEL EISNER, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Wendy.Before we begin I would like to mention something that is on all of our minds, the loss of our colleague, Peter Jennings. Millions of people have allowed him into their homes every evening, and we were among the privileged few who
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9757 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer Walt Disney - SVP of IR * Bob Iger Walt Disney - President & CEO * Jay Rasulo Walt Disney - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jessica Reif Cohen BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Ben Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Barclays Capital - Analyst * Michael Nathanson Nomura - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Richard Greenfield BTIG - Analyst * Tuna Amobi Standard & Poor's - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 Walt Disney Company earnings Conference Call. My name is Maj, and I will be your Coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. We will be conducting a Q & A session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, WALT DISNEY:
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 10332 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Walt Disney's Company's fourth quarter and fiscal year-end conference call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for questions following the presentation. If at any point during the presentation you would like to register for your question you may do so by pressing the number star, 1 on your touchtone phone. Once again that is star, 1 to register your question. Please limit your question to 1 per caller. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Ms. Wendy Webb, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.WENDY WEBB, SENIOR VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On the call with us today are Michael Eisner, Disney's CEO, Bob Iger, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Tom will lead off followed by Bob and Michael. Then we will open up the call to you for Q&A. We will try our best to conclude the call before 6 pm eastern time. So let's get started. Tom?&nbsp;TOM
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 6602 wordsWENDY WEBB, SENIOR VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Hi, again, everyone. I'm Wendy Webb, Disney's Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. The Walt Disney Company's first quarter fiscal 2005 earnings have just been widely released. For those of you in the room you should have a copy of the release in front of you. Before I turn this portion of the program over to Tom Staggs, Disney Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, I have been asked to read the following forward-looking statement aloud.Certain statements in these presentations may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied as a result of a variety of factors including those identified in the annual report, on Form 10(K) and other filings with the SEC. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are available on Disney's Investor Relations web site. Please be advised that this language covers not only this portion of our program but the entire investor conference through the end of the day tomorrow. Now let me turn the podium over to Tom who
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9472 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Walt Disney Companies second quarter fiscal year 2005 conference call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for questions following the presentation. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Ms. Wendy Webb, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services. Ma'am, you may begin.WENDY WEBB, SVP IR AND SHAREHOLDER SERVICES: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. You may have noticed that Disney's second quarter earnings were released earlier than expected today. Because of the inadvertent communication of certain earnings information internally we posted our results early in order to ensure they were broadly distributed as promptly as possible many. Please note that as usual Disney's second quarter 10(Q) will be filed and available this afternoon. On the call with us today are Michael Eisner, Disney's CEO, Bob Iger, President and Chief Operating Officer and CEO-elect and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Michael will lead off followed by Bob and Tom. Then we will open up the call to you for Q&A. We will
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9355 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer The Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR * Jay Rasulo The Walt Disney Company - Senior EVP and CFO * Bob Iger The Walt Disney Company - President and CEOConference Call Participants* Ben Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Michael Nathanson Nomura Securities - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Barclays Capital - Analyst * Doug Creutz Cowen and Company - Analyst * Richard Greenfield BTIG - Analyst * John Janedis UBS - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * David Miller Caris & Company - Analyst * David Bank RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Tuna Amobi Standard & Poor's Equity Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second-quarter 2011 Walt Disney Company earnings conference call. My name is Stacy and I will be your conference moderator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 8370 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer The Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR * Bob Iger The Walt Disney Company - President and CEO * Jay Rasulo The Walt Disney Company - Senior EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Michael Nathanson Nomura Securities International, Inc. - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ben Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jessica Reif Cohen BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Vasily Karasyov Susquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst * John Janedis UBS - Analyst * Alan Gould Evercore Partners - Analyst * David Bank RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * David Miller Caris & Company - Analyst *PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the third-quarter 2011 Walt Disney Company earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY:
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9047 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell SingerWalt Disney Company - SVP of IR* Bob IgerWalt Disney Company - President and CEO* Jay RasuloWalt Disney Company - Senior EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Ben SwinburneMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jessica Reif CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Alexia QuadraniJPMorgan - Analyst* Doug MitchelsonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays Capital - Analyst* Alan GouldEvercore Partners - Analyst* Barton CrockettLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* John JanedisUBS - Analyst* David MillerCaris & Company - Analyst* Todd JuengerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Jason BazinetCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the second-quarter 2012 Walt Disney Company earnings call. My name is Melanie and I will be your coordinator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will accept your questions at the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's meeting will be recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Okay, thanks. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's second-quarter 2012 earnings call. Our press release was
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 10869 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Walt Disney's fourth quarter 2005 earnings conference call. My name is Carlo, and I will be your coordinator for today's presentation. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitate a question and answer session towards the end of today's prepared remarks. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]It is now my pleasure to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Wendy Webb, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services. Please proceed.WENDY WEBB, SVP, IR, SHAREHOLDER SERVICES, WALT DISNEY: Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. On the call with us today are Bob Iger, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer, Tom Staggs. Bob will lead off followed by Tom. Let's get started. Bob?&nbsp;BOB IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Wendy. I'm pleased to report that we achieved our goal of delivering double-digit EPS growth for the year, despite the challenges we faced in the studio in the fourth quarter. Our continued strong performance this year, reflects how well-positioned the Company is for the future.I've been in my new role at Disney for
The Walt Disney Company	FinalCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer Walt Disney - SVP - IR * Bob Iger Walt Disney - Pres, CEO * Jay Rasulo Walt Disney - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Benjamin Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Michael Nathanson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Douglas Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jessica Reif Cohen BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jason Helfstein Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Barclays Capital - Analyst * Michael Morris UBS - Analyst * Richard Greenfield Pali Capital - Analyst * David Miller Caris & Company - Analyst * John Janedis Walt Disney - Analyst * Tony Wible Janney Montgomery Scott - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q1 2010 Walt Disney earnings conference call. My name is Deanna, and I'll be your Operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session.&nbsp;(Operator Instructions) As reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9055 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer Walt Disney - SVP of IR * Bob Iger Walt Disney - President & CEO * Jay Rasulo Walt Disney - Senior EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Jessica Reif Cohen Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ben Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Barclays Capital - Analyst * Doug Creutz Cowen & Co - Analyst * Richard Greenfield BTIG - Analyst * Tuna Amobi Standard & Poor's Equity Group - Analyst * Jason Helfstein Oppenheimer - Analyst * David Miller Caris & Co - Analyst * David Bank RBC - Analyst * Alan Gould Soleil Securities - Analyst * John Janedis Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Tony Wible Janney - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter 2010 Walt Disney earnings conference call. I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 8885 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer Walt Disney - SVP IR * Bob Iger Walt Disney - President, CEO * Jay Rasulo Walt Disney - Senior EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Jessica Reif-Cohen Banc of America - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ben Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jason Bazinet Citigroup - Analyst * Allen Gould Evercore Partners - Analyst * Richard Greenfield BTIG - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * David Miller Caris & Company - Analyst * Doug Creutz Cowen and Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the third quarter 2010 Walt Disney earnings conference call. My name is Melanie and I'll be your coordinator today.&nbsp;(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.LOWELL SINGER, SVP IR, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Melanie and good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's third quarter 2010 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 7645 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer The Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR * Bob Iger The Walt Disney Company - President and CEO * Jay Rasulo The Walt Disney Company - Senior EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Ben Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jessica Reif Cohen Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Michael Nathanson Nomura Securities - Analyst * Richard Greenfield BTIG - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Barclays Capital - Analyst * Alan Gould Evercore Partners - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tuna Amobi Standard & Poor's Equity Group - Analyst * David Miller Caris & Company - Analyst * John Janedis UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first-quarter 2011 Walt Disney earnings conference call. My name is Kendall, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9251 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell SingerThe Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR* Bob IgerThe Walt Disney Company - Chairman and CEO* Jay RasuloThe Walt Disney Company - Senior EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Ben SwinburneMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Michael NathansonNomura Securities - Analyst* Alexia QuadraniJPMorgan - Analyst* Jessica Reif Cohen&nbsp;BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Doug MitchelsonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Todd JuengerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tuna AmobiS&P Capital IQ - Analyst* David MillerB. Riley Caris & Company - Analyst* Jason BazinetCitigroup - Analyst* David BankRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Marci RyvickerWells Fargo Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to The Walt Disney Company's first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. My name is Ellen, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Please note that this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Singer, you may begin.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Ellen, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to The Walt Disney Company's first-quarter 2013 earnings call. Our
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9590 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer Walt Disney Co. - Sr. VP of IR * Bob Iger Walt Disney Co. - President and CEO * Tom Staggs Walt Disney Co. - CFOConference Call Participants* Jason Bazinet Citigroup - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mark Wienkes Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Benjamin Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Michael Morris UBS - Analyst * Michael Nathanson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jessica Reif-Cohen Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Jason Helfstein Oppenheimer - Analyst * Tuna Amobi Standard & Poor's Equity - Analyst * David Miller Caris & Co. - Analyst * Rich Greenfield Pali Capital - Analyst * David Joyce Miller Tabak & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the third quarter 2008 Walt Disney earnings conference call. My name is Fab, and I'll be your coordinator for today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for the Walt Disney Company. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SR. VP OF IR, WALT DISNEY CO.: Thank you, Fab and good afternoon,
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9457 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the third quarter 2008 Walt Disney earnings conference call. My name is Fab, and I'll be your coordinator for today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for the Walt Disney Company. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SR. VP OF IR, WALT DISNEY CO.: Thank you, Fab and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Walt Disney's third quarter 2008 conference call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago and it is now available on our website at www.disney.com\investors. Today's call will also be webcast and that webcast will be available on our website, and after the call a replay and transcript of today's remarks will also be available on our website.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Tom will lead off with brief comments and then, on the off chance that you have any questions, we will be happy to take them. I will then read the Safe Harbor provision.&nbsp;With that, let me turn the call
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 10036 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer Walt Disney - SVP IR * Bob Iger Walt Disney - President, CEO * Tom Staggs Walt Disney - CFOConference Call Participants* Jessica Reif-Cohen BAS-ML - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jason Bazinet Citigroup - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Michael Nathanson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Ben Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Anthony Diclemente Barclays Capital - Analyst * David Bank RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * David Miller Caris & Company - Analyst * Rich Greenfield Pali Research - Analyst * Michael Morris UBS - Analyst * Mark Wienkes Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Walt Disney third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions). We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Also, the Company would like me to remind you to please turn off any Blackberries or wireless devices, as not to disturb the call. And I would now like to turn the presentation over to your
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 10222 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer The Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR * Bob Iger The Walt Disney Company - President & CEO * Tom Staggs The Walt Disney Company - Senior EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jessica Reif-Cohen BAS-ML - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Scott Davis JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Michael Morris UBS - Analyst * Jason Bazinet Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Nathanson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Ben Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * David Miller Caris & Company - Analyst * Tuna Amobi Standard Import Groups - Analyst * Doug Kreutz Cowen & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the fiscal full year and fourth quarter earnings conference call. I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9470 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell SingerThe Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR* Bob IgerThe Walt Disney Company - President and CEO* Jay RasuloThe Walt Disney Company - Senior EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Michael NathansonNomura - Analyst* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jessica Reif CohenBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Doug MitchelsonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Alexia QuadraniJPMorgan - Analyst* Alan GouldEvercore Partners - Analyst* Jason BazinetCiti - Analyst* Doug CreutzCowen and Company - Analyst* Tuna AmobiStandard & Poor's - Analyst* Tony WibleJanney Montgomery Scott - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth-quarter and fiscal 2011 Walt Disney earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. (Operator Instructions). Also, we would like to remind you to please turn off any BlackBerrys or Internet-enabled cellphones, as they may cause static into the call. (Operator Instructions).Now I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks everyone. Good afternoon and welcome to The Walt Disney Company's fourth-quarter 2011 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 45 minutes ago. It is available on
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9146 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell SingerThe Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR* Bob IgerThe Walt Disney Company - President and CEO* Jay RasuloThe Walt Disney Company - Sr. EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Doug MitchelsonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Michael NathansonNomura Securities International, Inc. - Analyst* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - Analyst* Alexia QuadraniJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Ben SwinburneMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jessica Reif CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Michael MorrisDavenport & Company - Analyst* Jason BazinetCitigroup - Analyst* Vasily KarasyovSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst* David MillerCaris & Company - Analyst* Tuna AmobiStandard & Poor's - Analyst* John JanedisUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2012 Walt Disney Company earnings conference call. My name is Melanie, and I will be your coordinator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will accept your questions at the end of the conference. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, today's meeting will be recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9359 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell SingerWalt Disney Company - SVP of IR* Bob IgerWalt Disney Company - President and CEO* Jay RasuloWalt Disney Company - Senior EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Michael NathansonNomura - Analyst* Ben SwinburneMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Alexia QuadraniJPMorgan - Analyst* Jessica Reif CohenBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Spencer Wang&nbsp;Credit Suisse - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays - Analyst* Todd JuengerSanford Bernstein - Analyst* David BankRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Doug MitchelsonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Marci RyvickerWells Fargo - Analyst* Jason BazinetCiti - Analyst* Tuna AmobiS&P Capital IQ - Analyst* John JanedisUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third-quarter 2012 Walt Disney Company earnings conference call. My name is Anne, and I will be your coordinator for today's call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time all participants are in listen only mode. (Operator Instructions). We will be facilitating a question and answer session following the presentation.I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, WALT DISNEY COMPANY: (technical difficulty). All right, thanks and
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9423 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell SingerThe Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR* Bob IgerThe Walt Disney Company - Chairman and CEO* Jay RasuloThe Walt Disney Company - Senior EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Michael NathansonNomura Securities - Analyst* Alexia QuadraniJPMorgan - Analyst* Ben SwinburneMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jessica Reif CohenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;* Todd JuengerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Doug MitchelsonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jason BazinetCitigroup - Analyst* Anthony DiClementeBarclays Capital - Analyst* David MillerCaris & Company - Analyst* Michael SennoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Vasily KarasyovSusquehanna Financial Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to The Walt Disney Company's fiscal full-year and fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. My name is Ellen and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Please note that this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Singer, you may begin.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Okay. Thank you, Ellen, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Walt Disney Company's fourth-quarter 2012 earnings call. Our press release was issued
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9342 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer Walt Disney - SVP IR * Bob Iger Walt Disney - President, CEO * Tom Staggs Walt Disney - Senior EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Michael Nathanson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Spencer Wang Bear Stearns - Analyst * Ingrid Chung Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jessica Reif Cohen Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Rich Greenfield Pali Capital - Analyst * Jason Bazinet Citigroup - Analyst * Jason Helfstein Oppenheimer & Co - Analyst * Michael Morris UBS - Analyst * Doug Creutz Cowen & Co - Analyst * Tuna Amboli Standard & Poor's Equity - Analyst * David Miller SMH Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter fiscal year '08 The Walt Disney Company earnings conference call. My name is Lauren, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Lowell
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 9214 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter fiscal year '08 The Walt Disney Company earnings conference call. My name is Lauren, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services.LOWELL SINGER, SVP IR, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's first quarter fiscal '08 call. Today's call is being webcast and the webcast can be accessed on our investor relations website. The press release was issued a few minutes ago. It's also available on our website. Following today's call, we'll provide a replay as well as a MP3 file and a written transcript on the website.&nbsp;Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Staggs, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob's going to lead off, followed by Tom. We'll then open it up to Q&A. I
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 10485 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2008 Walt Disney earnings conference call. My name is Danielle, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP-IR, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Danielle. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2008 call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago and is now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and that webcast can also be accessed on our website. After the call, a replay and a transcript of today's call will be available on -- you guessed it -- our website; and as you can tell, we're trying to grow page views on the IR website, so that by next quarter we can actually sell some advertising. Joining me in Burbank here today are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Tom. We'll then open it up
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 10617 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell Singer Walt Disney - SVP-IR * Robert Iger Walt Disney - President & CEO * Thomas Staggs Walt Disney - CFO, PAO & Senior EVPConference Call Participants* Jessica Reif-Cohen Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Doug Mitchelson Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Benjamin Swinburne Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ingrid Chung Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jason Bazinet Citigroup - Analyst * Richard Greenfield Pali Research - Analyst * Drew Borst Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Michael Morris UBS - Analyst * David Bank RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Allen Gould Natixis Bleichroeder - Analyst * Jason Helfstein Oppenheimer Company - Analyst * Imran Kahn J.P. Morgan - Analyst * Anthony DiClemente Lehman Brothers - Analyst * David Miller SMH Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2008 Walt Disney earnings conference call. My name is Danielle, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP-IR, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Danielle. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 8949 wordsCorporate Participants* Lowell SingerThe Walt Disney Company - SVP of IR* Bob IgerThe Walt Disney Company - Chairman and CEO* Jay RasuloThe Walt Disney Company - Senior EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Alexia QuadraniJPMorgan - Analyst* Michael NathansonMoffett Research LLC - Analyst* Doug MitchelsonDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jessica Cohen&nbsp;BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Todd JuengerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Vasily KarasyovSterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. - Analyst* Tuna AmobiS&P capital IQ - Analyst* Barton CrockettFBR Capital Markets - Analyst* Marci RyvickerWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Jason BazinetCitigroup - Analyst* David JoyceISI Group - Analyst* Alan GouldEvercore Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to The Walt Disney Company's fiscal full-year and Q4 2013 earnings conference call. My name is Vivian and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.I will now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lyle Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Singer, you may begin.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Okay, thanks, Vivian. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 8115 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the Walt Disney Companies quarter one fiscal year 2007 earnings presentation. And now, I turn you over to the live Q1 earnings commentary being presented from Disney's 2007 investor conference at Walt Disney World Florida. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE, WALT DISNEY: Good afternoon. It's great to be here at Walt Disney World, particularly in light of the quarter results that we just announced. I'm very pleased to report such strong quarterly earnings to kick off 2007. I think these results are particularly gratifying given the fact that we had such a great year in 2006, and I think they're another clear sign that our strategy is driving growth and creating real shareholder value.You're going to be hearing from a variety of people at the Walt Disney Company over the next day and a half. There's a lot going on with the company, as you'd expect, and my team and I are looking forward to the interaction with all of you. I'll be getting up tomorrow morning to make some opening remarks, and then I'll be available at the end of the day tomorrow after all the business units have presented to take your questions, and
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 8858 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your patience and welcome to the second quarter 2007 Walt Disney earnings conference call. My name is Bill, and I will be your conference coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. However, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) The hosts of your earnings call today have asked me if you could please silence all BlackBerry and wireless devices to avoid any interference into the call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's presentation, Mr. Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Walt Disney Company. Please proceed, sir.&nbsp;TOM STAGGS, SENIOR EVP & CFO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Bill. Hello, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I'd like to take a minute to welcome Lowell Singer, who we've just named Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Lowell, as many of you know, has covered the media sector as an analyst for the past ten years from a
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 10209 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, very much, for your patience, and welcome to the third quarter 2007 Walt Disney earnings conference call. My name is Bill, and I will be your conference coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, however, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session at the end of today's presentation. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.LOWELL SINGER, SVP, IR, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the their quarter 2007 call. Joining me today in Burbank are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. Two press releases are now available on our website, our Q3 earnings release, and a release announcing our acquisition of Club Penguin.&nbsp;This call will be webcast from our Investor Relations website. After the call, we will post a replay and a written transcript of today's remarks. Bob is going to lead off, followed by Tom, we will then open it up to
The Walt Disney Company	LENGTH: 10610 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, very much, for your patience and welcome to the fourth quarter 2007 Walt Disney Company earnings conference call. My name is Bill, and I'll be your conference coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. We will be conducting a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference call, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations of the Walt Disney Company. Please proceed, sir.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, WALT DISNEY: Good afternoon. Thanks operator and want to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2007 call. Today's call is being webcast and the webcast can be accessed on our investor relations website. A press release was issued a few minutes ago and is now available on the website and we will provide a replay of the call, as well as an MP3 file and an archived written transcript of today's remark on the website. We're actually in New York for today's call and here with
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9662 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug May Dow Chemical Company - VP, IR * Andrew Liveris Dow Chemical Company - Chairman and CEO * Bill Weideman Dow Chemical Company - EVP and CFO * Howard Ungerleider Dow Chemical Company - outgoing VP, IRConference Call Participants* John McNulty Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bob Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Andy Cash UBS - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Hassan Ahmed Alembic Global Advisors - Analyst * Don Carson Susquehanna Financial Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's first-quarter 2011 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.&nbsp;DOUG MAY, VP, IR, DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thanks, John. Good morning everyone; welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9308 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug MayDow Chemical Co - VP, IR* Andrew LiverisDow Chemical Co - Chairman and CEO* Bill WeidemanDow Chemical Co - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* P.J. JuvekarCitigroup - Analyst* Andy CashUBS - Analyst* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst* Bob KoortGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Peter ButlerGlen Hill Investments - Analyst* Vincent AndrewsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's first quarter 2012 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice-President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DOUG MAY, VP, IR, DOW CHEMICAL CO: Thank you, Audra. Good morning everyone, and welcome. We are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Weideman,
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9549 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug MayDow Chemical Co - VP, IR* Andrew LiverisDow Chemical Co - Chairman and CEO* Bill WeidemanDow Chemical Co - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* John RobertsUBS - Analyst* Peter ButlerGlen Hill Investments - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Duffy Fischer&nbsp;Barclays Capital - Analyst* P.J. JuvekarCitigroup - Analyst* Robert KoortGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Rob WalkerJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Mark ConnellyCLSA Limited - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's third quarter 2013 earnings results conference call.(Operator Instructions)Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DOUG MAY, VP, IR, DOW CHEMICAL CO: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. The call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9601 wordsCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider The Dow Chemical Company - VP of IR * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - President, Chairman, CEO * Geoffery Merszei The Dow Chemical Company - CFO, Exec. VPConference Call Participants* David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays Capital - Analyst * Bill Young Chemspeak - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JP Morgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Michael Judd Greenwich Consultants - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Bank of America - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's fourth quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any re-distribution, re-transmission, or re-broadcast of this call in any form, without Dow's express written consent, is strictly
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 10357 wordsCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider The Dow Chemical Company - VP, IR * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman and CEO * Geoffery Merszei The Dow Chemical Company - EVP and CFO, Member of the Board of Directors * Pierre Brondeau The Dow Chemical Company - President and CEO, Dow Advanced MaterialsConference Call Participants* Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays - Analyst * P. J. Juvekar Citi - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Banc of America - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * Peter Butler Glen Hill - Analyst * Mike Judd Greenwich Consultants - Analyst * John McNulty Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bill Young ChemSpeak - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's first quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.At this time, I am pleased to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP, IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9435 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug MayDow Chemical Co - VP IR* Andrew LiverisDow Chemical Co - Chairman and CEO* Bill WeidemanDow Chemical Co - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* John RobertsUBS - Analyst* Robert KoortGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Hassan AhmedAlembic Global Advisors - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Duffy Fischer&nbsp;Barclays Capital - Analyst* Peter ButlerGlen Hill Investments - Analyst* Chris NocellaRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jeffrey ZekauskasJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst* PJ JuvekarCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's second quarter 2013 earnings results conference call.(Operator Instructions)Also, today's call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DOUG MAY, VP IR, DOW CHEMICAL CO: Thank you, Matt. Good morning everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9864 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's first-quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Corporate Director of Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead, man.KATHY FOTHERGILL, CORPORATE DIRECTOR OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's President, CEO and Chairman; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Wilson, Manager in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, April 27th, our earnings release went out on PR newswire and was posted on the Internet, on Dow's website, dow.com.&nbsp;As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9554 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company second quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to the Corporate Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead.KATHY FOTHERGILL, DIRECTOR IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form, without Dow's expressed written consent, is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's President, CEO and Chairman; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Wilson, Manager of Investor Relations. I should say former manager because, as many of you know, John has accepted a position as Business Finance Director in Dow's Polyurethanes and Thermoset Systems business. This will be his last call with us. Jeff Tate, who is joining Investor Relations from our Dow Automotive business, is also with us today, so we have a full room.&nbsp;Around six thirty this morning July 27, our earnings release
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9918 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's third quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Corporate Director of Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead.KATHY FOTHERGILL, DIRECTOR IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, October 26, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. And in case you missed it, we also announced a new share repurchase program, which Geoffery will address later. That release is also posted on our website.&nbsp;As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 8869 wordsCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider The Dow Chemical Company - VP IR * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman, CEO * Bill Weideman The Dow Chemical Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Don Carson Susquehanna International - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Andy Cash UBS - Analyst * Bob Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Connelly Credit Agricole Securities - Analyst * Bill Young ChemSpeak, LLC - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's third-quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome.As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 8807 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's first-quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Corporate Director of Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead.KATHY FOTHERGILL, CORPORATE DIRECTOR OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via Web cast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written extent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Pedro Reinhard, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and John Wilson, Manager and Investor Relations. Around 6.30 this morning, April 28th, our earnings release went out on P PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's Web site Dow.com.&nbsp;As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involved risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more
Dow Chemical	FinalCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider The Dow Chemical Company - VP IR * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman, CEO * Bill Weideman The Dow Chemical Company - VP, Interim CFOConference Call Participants* P.J. Juvekar Citi - Analyst * Hassan Ahmed Alembic Global - Analyst * John McNulty Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Bill Young ChemSpeak - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company fourth-quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.&nbsp;HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thanks Jennifer. Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 10298 wordsCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider The Dow Chemical Company - VP IR * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman, CEO * Bill Weideman The Dow Chemical Company - EVP, CFO * Jerome Peribere The Dow Chemical Company - President, CEO Dow Advanced MaterialsConference Call Participants* P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays Capital - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John McNulty Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * Bill Young ChemSpeak Advisors - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's first-quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thanks, Karen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 10301 wordsCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider The Dow Chemical Company - VP IR * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman, CEO * Bill Weideman The Dow Chemical Company - EVP, CFO * Jerome Peribere The Dow Chemical Company - President, CEO Dow Advanced MaterialsConference Call Participants* P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays Capital - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John McNulty Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * Bill Young ChemSpeak Advisors - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's first-quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thanks, Karen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 10604 wordsCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider The Dow Chemical Company - VP, IR * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman and CEO * Bill Weideman The Dow Chemical Company - EVP and CFO * Antonio Galindez The Dow Chemical Company - President and CEO, Dow AgroSciencesConference Call Participants* David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays Capital - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Don Carson Susquehanna International - Analyst * Peter Butler Glen Hill Investment Research - Analyst * John Hirt Citi - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BAS-ML - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst * Hassan Ahmed Alembic Global Advisors - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company second-quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP, IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 10098 wordsCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider The Dow Chemical Company - VP of IR * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman and CEO * Bill Weideman The Dow Chemical Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* John McNulty Credit Suisse - Analyst * Andrew Cash UBS - Analyst * Paul Mann Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bob Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Don Carson Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst * Hassan Ahmed Alembic Global Advisors - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's fourth-quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thanks, Lisa, good morning. And good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company.
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9216 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug MayDow Chemical Co - VP, IR* Andrew LiverisDow Chemical Co - Chairman and CEO* Bill WeidemanDow Chemical Co - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Robert KoortGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Hassan AhmedAlembic Global Advisors - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group - Analyst* Peter ButlerGlen Hill Investments - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* PJ JuvekarCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call.(Operator Instructions)Also today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DOUG MAY, VP, IR, DOW CHEMICAL CO: Yes, thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9462 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug MayThe Dow Chemical Company - VP of IR* Andrew LiverisThe Dow Chemical Company - Chairman & CEO* Bill WeidemanThe Dow Chemical Company - EVP & CFO* Dale WingerThe Dow Chemical Company - Associate Director of IRConference Call Participants* PJ JuvekarCitigroup - Analyst* Hassan AhmedAlembic Global Advisors - Analyst&nbsp;* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Duffy FischerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Brian MaguireGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Peter ButlerGlen Hill Investments - Analyst* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Vincent AndrewsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company first-quarter 2013 earnings results conference call.(Operator Instructions)Also, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the conference over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.DOUG MAY, VP OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, and redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form, without Dow's express written consent,
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9595 wordsCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider Dow Chemical Co. - VP, IR * Geoffery Merszei Dow Chemical Co. - EVP, CFO, Member of the Board of Directors * Andrew Liveris Dow Chemical Co. - CEO, ChairmanConference Call Participants* PJ Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Connelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Peter Butler Glen Hill Investments - Analyst * Bob Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mike Judd Greenwich Consultants - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's third quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Howard Ungerleider.&nbsp;HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP, IR, DOW CHEMICAL CO.: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 10675 wordsCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider The Dow Chemical Company - VP IR * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman, CEO * Geoffery Merszei The Dow Chemical Company - EVP, CFO * Heinz Haller The Dow Chemical Company - EVP Performance Products and SystemsConference Call Participants* P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * Bob Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays Capital - Analyst * John McNulty Credit Suisse - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Peter Butler Glen Hill Investment Research - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy BAS-ML - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's second quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thanks, Regina. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company.
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9995 wordsCorporate Participants* Howard Ungerleider The Dow Chemical Company - VP IR * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman, CEO * Geoffery Merszei The Dow Chemical Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* P.J. Juvekar Citi - Analyst * Robert Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Don Carson UBS - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * John McNulty Credit Suisse - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Barclays - Analyst * Peter Butler Glen Hill Investment - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Banc of America - Analyst * Bill Young ChemSpeak - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's third-quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations.&nbsp;HOWARD UNGERLEIDER, VP IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9561 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug MayThe Dow Chemical Company - VP - IR* Andrew LiverisThe Dow Chemical Company - Chairman and CEO* Bill WeidemanThe Dow Chemical Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan - Analyst* Brian MaguireGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Peter ButlerGlen Hill Investments - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Mark ConnellyCredit Agricole Securities - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Bill YoungChemSpeak - Analyst* Hassan AhmedAlembic Global Advisors - Analyst* P.J. JuvekarCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company third-quarter 2011 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Also, today's call is being recorded.Now I'd like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DOUG MAY, VP - IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company, so any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's written consent is strictly prohibited.
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9276 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug MayDow Chemical Co - VP - IR* Andrew LiverisDow Chemical Co - Chairman and CEO* Bill WeidemanDow Chemical Co - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* John McNultyCredit Suisse - Analyst* Don CarsonSusquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Hassan AhmedAlembic Global Advisors - Analyst* Peter ButlerGlen Hill Investments - Analyst* Andy CashUBS - Analyst* Robert KoortGoldman Sachs - Analyst* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* P. J. JuvekarCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's fourth quarter 2011 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Sir.DOUG MAY, VP - IR, DOW CHEMICAL CO: Thank you, Alicia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman,
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9236 wordsCorporate Participants* Doug MayThe Dow Chemical Company - VP of IR* Andrew LiverisThe Dow Chemical Company - Chairman and CEO* Bill WeidemanThe Dow Chemical Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* David BegleiterDeutsche Bank - Analyst* PJ JuvekarCitigroup - Analyst* Hassan AhmedAlembic Global Advisors - Analyst* Frank MitschWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst&nbsp;* Jeff ZekauskasJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* Vincent AndrewsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Duffy FischerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Mark ConnellyCredit Agricole Securities - Analyst* Alina KhaykinCredit Suisse - Analyst* Kevin McCarthyBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's third-quarter 2012 earnings results conference call.(Operator Instructions)Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DOUG MAY, VP OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Yes, thank you, Candace. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining us on such short notice, and being flexible with your schedules.As you know, we issued our earnings press release yesterday evening, October 23. This was earlier than usual due to an inadvertent and premature release of a restructuring announcement. Both the restructuring release and the earnings release went out on business wire
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9232 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company fourth-quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Corporate Director, Investor Relations, Ms. Fothergill. Please go ahead, ma'am.KATHY FOTHERGILL, CORPORATE DIRECTOR, IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations.AROUND: 20 this morning, January 29, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast.&nbsp;As you know, some of our comments today may include statements
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9592 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's first quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Corporate Director, Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead.KATHY FOTHERGILL, CORPORATE DIRECTOR OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations.&nbsp;Around six-thirty this morning, April 24, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9733 wordsCorporate Participants* Kathy Fothergill The Dow Chemical Company - Corporate Director of IR * Geoffery Merszei The Dow Chemical Company - EVP and CFO * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman and CEOConference Call Participants* Gregg Goodnight UBS - Analyst * Don Carson Merrill Lynch - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Connelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Lehman Brothers - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Peter Butler Glen Hill Investment Research - Analyst * Scott Burk Bear, Stearns & Co. - Analyst * Mike Judd Greenwich Consultants - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Hassan Ahmed HSBC - Analyst * Bill Young Chemspeak - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's first quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the Corporate Director, Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead.KATHY FOTHERGILL, CORPORATE DIRECTOR OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9456 wordsCorporate Participants* Kathy Fothergill The Dow Chemical Company - Director IR * Geoffery Merszei The Dow Chemical Company - EVP, CFO * Andrew Liveris The Dow Chemical Company - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Don Carson Merrill Lynch - Analyst * David Begleiter Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Peter Butler Glen Hill Investment - Analyst * Frank Mitsch BB&T Capital Markets - Analyst * Jeff Zekauskas JP Morgan - Analyst * Mark Connelly Credit Suisse - Analyst * Sergey Vasnetsov Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Bob Koort Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Kevin McCarthy Banc of America Securities - Analyst * P.J. Juvekar Citigroup - Analyst * Gregg Goodnight UBS - Analyst * John Roberts Buckingham Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company second quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Corporate Director, Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead.&nbsp;KATHY FOTHERGILL, DIRECTOR IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company and any
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9334 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company second quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Corporate Director, Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead.KATHY FOTHERGILL, DIRECTOR IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form, without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations. Also with us is Howard Ungerleider, who will be taking over as head of Dow's IR team in August.Around 6.30 this morning, July 24, our earnings release went out on PRNewswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com.&nbsp;We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 10175 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's fourth-quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.At this time, I'll turn the conference over to the Corporate Director, Investor Relations, Ms. Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead, ma'am.KATHY FOTHERGILL, CORPORATE DIRECTOR, IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form, without Dow's express written consent is expressly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations.&nbsp;Around 6.30 this morning, January 25, our earnings release went out on PRNewswire, and was posted on the Internet on Dow's Web site, Dow.com.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9683 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's first-quarter 2007 results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Corporate Director of Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead, ma'am.KATHY FOTHERGILL, CORPORATE DIRECTOR OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations.&nbsp;Around six-thirty this morning, April 26th, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9459 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's second-quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.At this time, I will turn the call over to Corporate Director of Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead, ma'am.KATHY FOTHERGILL, CORPORATE DIRECTOR OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, July 26th, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the presentations page of the investor relations section or through the link to our webcast.&nbsp;As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about
Dow Chemical	LENGTH: 9862 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's third-quarter results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Corporate Director of Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead, ma'am.KATHY FOTHERGILL, CORPORATE DIRECTOR OF IR, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, October 25th, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire, and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call, and the slides are posted on our website, available on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast.&nbsp;As you know, some of our comments
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 5558 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Eni Conference Call on 2004 First Quarter Results and Business Trends, chaired by Mr. Vittorio Mincato, Chief Executive Officer of Eni.[Operator Instructions ].VITTORIO MINCATO, CEO, ENI SPA: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to this conference call and comments on 2004's first quarter results and the business trends.Let me start with a quick overlook on the first quarter market scenario, which was marked by the euro appreciation and high oil prices. In particular, euro continued to strengthen versus the US dollar, reaching the average level of 1.25, up 16.5% compared with first quarter 2003.&nbsp;Brent crude prices increased to around $32/boe, with a 1.4% increase versus the corresponding period of 2003, $31.5/boe. This trend is significantly different, taking into account the currency factor on the Brent price. In fact, in euro terms oil prices showed a decrease of 13% to E25.5/boe. Such a strong oil price scenario, in dollar terms the highest seen from the beginning of the '90s, was sustained not only by OPEX's price policy, but also by the uncertainty regarding Iraq's oil [possible] recovery as well as by the economic expansion in US and China.In
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 10491 wordsCorporate Participants* Paolo Scaroni Eni S.p.A. - CEO * Alessandro Bernini Eni S.p.A. - CFO * Claudio Descalzi Eni S.p.A. - COO, Exploration & Production * Domenico Dispenza Eni S.p.A. - COO Gas & Power * Angelo Caridi Eni S.p.A. - COO Refining & MarketingConference Call Participants* Irene Himona Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * James Hubbard Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Tim Whittaker Barclays Capital - Analyst * Mark Iannotti Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Iain Reid Macquarie Securities - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst * Domenico Ghilotti Equita S.I.M - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationPAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A.: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Welcome to our 2008 results and strategic presentation.2008 was a very good year for Eni. All of our divisions produced robust operating results, despite deteriorating market conditions in the last four months of last year.In E&P, we increased production by an industry-leading 5.6% net of the PSA effect. In Gas & Power, we consolidated our leading position in Europe and reported EUR1.9b of free cash flow, confirming the stability of the division's cash generation.
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 7414 wordsCorporate Participants* Alessandro Bernini Eni - CFO * Claudio Descalzi Eni - COO, Exploration & ProductionConference Call Participants* Dave Thomas Citi - Analyst * Domenico Ghilotti Equita - Analyst * Irene Himona Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Mark Iannotti Banc of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Tim Whittaker Barclays Capital - Analyst * Paolo Citi Intermonte - Analyst * James Hubbard Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Katy Raven Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Iain Reid Macquarie - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global - Analyst * Roberto Condulmari Kairos - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Eni's 2009 first quarter results conference call, hosted by Mr. Alessandro Bernini, CFO. My name is Maddy and I will be your coordinator for today's conference. For the duration of the call, you will be on listen-only. However, at the end of the call, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions). I am now handing you over to Mr. Alessandro Bernini to begin today's conference. Thank you.&nbsp;ALESSANDRO BERNINI, CFO, ENI: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our first quarter results presentation. Here with me is Claudio Descalzi, and together we will be pleased
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 7403 wordsCorporate Participants* Paolo ScaroniEni S.p.A. - CEO* Massimo MondazziEni S.p.A - CFO* Claudio DescalziEni S.p.A - General Manager, Exploration & Production Division* Marco AlveraEni S.p.A - Senior EVP, TradingConference Call Participants* Theepan JothilingamNomura International - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford Bernstein - Analyst&nbsp;* Lydia RainforthBarclays - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Jason KenneySantander - Analyst* Nitin SharmaJPMorgan - Analyst* Michele Della VignaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Mark BloomfieldDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Alastair SymeCiti - Analyst* Camilla PalladinoPresentationOPERATOR: (Audio in progress) 2013 interim update and the second quarter results conference call hosted by Paolo Scaroni, Chief Executive Officer and Massimo Mondazzi, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call, you will be in listen-only mode. However, at the end of the call, you have the opportunity to ask questions. I am now handing you over to your hosts to begin today's conference. Thank you.PAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A.: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our interim update and second quarter results. In the first half of 2013, our Italian and European operations performed poorly, affected by a weak market context across the board. Meanwhile, our upstream activities performed well, but
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 6049 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Eni 2006 first quarter results conference call with Mr. Marco Mangiagalli, Chief Financial Officer. My name is Mark and I'll be your coordinator for today's conference. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Over to you, Mr. Mangiagalli. Thank you.MARCO MANGIAGALLI, CFO, ENI SPA: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to this conference call in which we will comment on the 2006 first quarter results and business trends. The results we are reporting today are solid and have been helped by the positive external environment, as well as by the strong industrial performance achieved.First, a glance at the scenario. As you are perfectly aware, the key feature of the first quarter has been the steady increase in oil prices, the Brent average price was close to $62US per barrel, up 30% compared to the same period of last year and it has continued to rise to over $70US per barrel in April and May, a decline in the average European refining margin, -31% compared to the first quarter of 2005, averaging around $3US per barrel, and finally an appreciation of the U.S. dollar, around 8% versus the euro.&nbsp;As usual, I
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 7849 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to your Eni 2006 interim review, chaired by Paolo Scaroni CEO of Eni. My name is Mark, and I will be your coordinator for today's conference. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Over to you, Mr. Scaroni.PAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A.: Thank you. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to our 2006 interim review. I am very pleased to report a strong set of financial results. Adjusted operating profit was E10.6b. Adjusted net profit was E5.4b, giving then to 0.16% thanks to robust cash flow generation of E10.5b.The financial results have been tuned, of course, by the market environment. But they couldn't have been delivered without a focused and disciplined strategy. We are proposing an interim dividend of E0.06 per share. An increase of 33% compared to last year, further improving our attractive return to shareholders.In this call, after my update on each division, Marco will take you through the financial results. Then Stefano will expand on some key operational themes in the P&G division. At the end of the presentation we will be pleased to answer your questions.&nbsp;The E&P division reported very good operational results, and was among the best performers in
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 6324 wordsMARCO MANGIAGALLI, CFO, ENI S.P.A.: Thank you, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to this conference call, during which I'll comment on the 2006 third quarter results and business trends. I am pleased to say that the results we are reporting today are strong in all our core business lines, due both, to the positive market environment, and to our solid industrial performance.Let me start with the market backdrop. In the third quarter of 2006, the Brent oil prices strengthened, averaging $69.5 per barrel, gaining 13% compared to the third quarter of 2005. European refining margins averaged $4.3 per barrel, decreasing significantly from the high level reached in the third quarter '05, on the back of the large-scale outages in the Gulf of Mexico.Finally, the euro showed an appreciation of 4.4% versus the U.S. dollar, compared to the third quarter of 2005. As usual, I would like to remind you that, our results are affected by several issues, including the seasonal factor, affecting the demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating. The demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year, the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter,
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 4854 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to your ENI Second Quarter Results Conference Call. My name is John and I'll be your coordinator for today's conference. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I'll now hand you over to your host to start the call.JADRAN TREVISAN, IR, ENI SPA: Hi, good afternoon to everybody. Jadran speaking. Before handing you over to Marco Mangiagalli, I would like to say that today the comment on the 2005 Second Quarter Results, will be very much focused on the financials. Following that detailed comments and questions on the 2005 core business, I think that the right and appropriate time will be on September 21, when Mr. Scaroni and the management team will meet the financial community. And now I give the floor to Marco Mangiagalli.MARCO MANGIAGALLI, CFO, ENI SPA: Thank you Jadran. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. And welcome you this conference. Today we are reporting another robust set of financial results, thanks to ENI's consolidating performance in the quarter is net, and the [indiscernible] scenario.&nbsp;Oil price recorded new [indiscernible] highs averaging $51.6 per barrel, 46% up compared to the same period of last year, and reaching a peak of more than $58 per barrel
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 8891 wordsPAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI SPA: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our 2005 Interim Review. The agenda for today is as follows. First, Marco Mangiagalli will give you a brief review from the interim results that we already presented on July 29. He will then provide you some more detail on the re-leveraging that Snam Rete gas announced today. Stefano Cao will then give you an operational update on his division.And finally, I will give you my initial views on the strategy after my first four months in Eni. The details of the 2006/2009 strategy end targets will be presented at the end of February, when we will release the full 2005 results and the dividend proposal. Finally, the three of us, Marco, Stefano and myself, together with Luciano Sgubini and Marco Teraborrelli, will be available to answer your questions. So first, I will hand it over to Marco.MARCO MANGIAGALLI, CFO, ENI SPA: Thank you, Paolo. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. As just mentioned by our CEO, I will briefly give you the 2005 first half financial results, which were already commented at the end of July and which have been formally approved by our Board
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 4906 wordsCorporate Participants* Alessandro Bernini Eni S.p.A. - CFO * Claudia Carloni Eni S.p.A. - SVP of IRConference Call Participants* James Hubbard Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Karim Rahim Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Paolo Citi Intermonte - Analyst * Michele Della Vigna Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Barry MacCarthy Royal Bank of Scotland - Analyst * Kim Fustier Credit Suisse - Analyst * Domenico Ghilotti Equita - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Eni's third-quarter 2010 conference call, hosted by Alessandro Bernini, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call, you will be on listening only mode. However, at the end of the call, you will have the opportunity to ask questions.&nbsp;I am now handing over you to your host to begin today's conference. Thank you.ALESSANDRO BERNINI, CFO, ENI S.P.A.: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our third-quarter results presentation. Here with me today are Claudio Descalzi and Domenico Dispenza. We will give you a brief overview of our third-quarter results, and then we will be happy to answer your questions at the end of the presentation.In the
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 7790 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the ENI conference on 2004 third quarter results conference call chaired by Mr. Vittorio Mincato, ENI's CEO. My name is Tim and I will be your Coordinator for today's conference call.Throughout the duration of the conference you will be on listen only, however you will have an opportunity to ask any questions at the end of the conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS].I will now hand over to your Chairperson, Mr. Mincato, to begin your conference call.&nbsp;VITTORIO MINCATO, CEO, ENI SPA: Okay. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Before I present the quarterly results I would like to start this conference call by commenting on the market rumors following my recent Hearing at the Treasury Commission of the Italian Parliament about privatization point. At the beginning of the said Hearing I was asked by the Chairman of the Commission to comment on the impact of a possible further reduction of the Italian Treasury's presence in ENI. My answer was simple and clear. ENI would become a target of a potential takeover.Following additional requests I referred to the market practice which implied a larger capitalization to make such a possibility much more difficult
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 6671 wordsVITTORIO MINCATO, CEO, ENI SPA: good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to this conference call aimed at commenting on the 2005 first quarter results and business trends.Today we are reporting a robust set of financial results thanks to the still positive scenarios and ENI saw it in better performances in the core businesses.In the first quarter of 2005 the market environment was very favorable for the oil industry. A persistent strong oil demand and expansion of oil production capacity sustained our price increase to record levels why refining margins remained high. And in particular, compared to the same period of 2004, the average Brent price increased by 49% to about $48 while the average European Refining margin was about $4, almost doubling last year's level.&nbsp;This strong market trend was slightly offset by the 5% appreciation of the euro versus the U.S. dollar.In the first quarter, the net income reported in compliance with the International Financial Reporting standards, amounted to E2.45b, which is an increase of 22% if compared to the same period of 2004.Excluding special items and inventory gains, the adjusted net income totaled E2.4b which is an increase of more than 44%. Such an increase is
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 6539 wordsCorporate Participants* Paulo Scaroni Eni S.p.A. - CEO * Alessandro Bernini Eni S.p.A. - CFO * Claudio Descalzi Eni S.p.A. - COO, Exploration & Production * Claudia Carloni Eni S.p.A. - SVP of IR * Domenico Dispenza Eni S.p.A. - COO, Gas & PowerConference Call Participants* Iain Reid Jeffries International - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Clint Oswald Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Kim Fustier Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Bloomfield Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Neill Morton Berenberg Bank - Analyst * Domenico Ghilotti Equita S.I.M. S.p.A - Analyst * Andreas Cowrie MediaBank - Analyst * Sergio Molisani UniCredit - Analyst * Michael Afton Sloane Robinson - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: (audio in progress) -- fourth quarter and full year results conference call, hosted by Paulo Scaroni, Chief Executive Officer, and Alessandro Bernini, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call, you will be in listening only mode. However, at the end of the call, you have the opportunity to ask questions. I am now handing you over to your hosts to begin today's conference call. Thank you.PAULO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A.: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 4382 wordsCorporate Participants* Alessandro Bernini Eni S.p.A. - CFO * Claudio Descalzi Eni S.p.A. - COO, Exploration and Production * Domenico Dispenza Eni S.p.A. - COO, Gas & PowerConference Call Participants* Barry MacCarthy Royal Bank of Scotland - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Alastair Syme Citigroup - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Domenico Ghilotti Equita - Analyst * Dario Michi Banca Akros - Analyst * Kim Fustier Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Eni's 2011 first quarter results conference call hosted by Alessandro Bernini, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call you will be in listening only mode. However, at the end of the call, you have the opportunity to ask questions. I'm now handing you over to your host to begin today's conference call. Thank you.&nbsp;ALESSANDRO BERNINI, CFO, ENI S.P.A.: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our first quarter results conference call. Before I take you through the financial results, let me give you an update on the status of our operations in Libya.
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 6476 wordsCorporate Participants* Paulo Scaroni Eni S.p.A. - CEO * Alessandro Bernini Eni S.p.A. - CFO * Domenico Dispenza Eni S.p.A. - COO, Gas & Power * Claudio Descalzi Eni S.p.A. - COO, Exploration and Production * Camilla Palladino Eni S.p.A. - SVP of IRConference Call Participants* Clint Oswald Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Barry MacCarthy Royal Bank of Scotland - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Nitin Sharma JPMorgan - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Bloomfield Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Sergio Molisani UniCredit - Analyst * Marc Kofler Macquarie Securities - Analyst * Andreas Cowrie MediaBank - Analyst * Jean-Charles LaCoste Cheuvreux - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: (audio in progress) conference call, hosted by Paulo Scaroni, Chief Executive Officer, and Alessandro Bernini, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call, we will be in listen only mode. However, at the end of the call, you have the opportunity to ask questions. I'm now handing you over to your hosts to begin today's conference call. Thank you.PAULO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A.: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our interim update
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 6638 wordsCorporate Participants* Alessandro BerniniEni S.p.A - Chief Financial Officer* Claudio DescalziEni SPA - General Manager for Exploration and Production Division* Paolo ScaroniEni S.p.A. - CEO, General Manager and Executive DirectorConference Call Participants* Theepan JothilingamNomura International Plc - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Co - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Mark BloomfieldDeutsche bank - Analyst* Karim RahimBarclays Capital - Analyst* Michele Della VignaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Nitin SharmaJPMorgan - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Neill MortonBerenberg - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Eni's 2012 first quarter results conference call hosted by Alessandro Bernini, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call, you will be in listen-only mode. However, at the end of the call, you have the opportunity to ask questions.I'm now handing you over to your host to begin today's conference call, thank you.ALESSANDRO BERNINI, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ENI S.P.A: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our first quarter results conference call. Before I take you through the financial results, let me give you a summary of the main highlights of the quarter.In E&P, we are continuing to strengthen our long-term growth prospects. Our exploration continues to deliver exceptional results.In
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 7204 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to your ENI 2005 Third Quarter Results with Mr. Marco Mangiagalli, Chief Financial Officer. My name is John, and I will be your coordinator for today's conference. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS].MARCO MANGIAGALLI, CFO, ENI SPA: Thank you, good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to this conference call in which we will comment on the 2005 third quarter results and business trends.Today we report strong financial results in the core business thanks to Eni's robust industrial performance and the positive trading environment. The price of oil reached new nominal highs in the third quarter 2005, averaging $61.5 per barrel, up 48% if compared to the same period of last year.&nbsp;Refining margins was significantly higher on a like-for-like basis as increasing demand for like products and large extreme outages in the Gulf of Mexico continued to put the global refining capacity under pressure. In particular, the average European refining margin was around $7 per barrel up 64% compared to the same period of last year.Finally, the euro/dollar exchange rate remained substantially stable. As usual I would like to remind you that Eni results are affected by several issues including the seasonal factor affecting
ENI SpA	FinalCorporate Participants* Paolo Scaroni Eni S.p.A - CEO * Claudio Descalzi Eni S.p.A - COO Exploration & Production * Domenico Dispenza Eni S.p.A - COO Gas & Power * Angelo Caridi Eni S.p.A - COO Refining & Marketing * Alessandro Bernini Eni S.p.A. - CFO * Claudia Carloni Eni S.p.A. - SVP, IRConference Call Participants* Irene Himona Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Vincent Tange Knight Vinke Asset Management - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Iain Reid Macquarie Research - Analyst * Colin Smith ICAP Securities - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * James Hubbard Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Barry MacCarthy RBS - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationPAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our 2010 strategy presentation. I am particularly proud of the fact that Eni has over the last five years been the fastest growing of all the major international oil companies. Our production has increased from 1.6m barrels a day to 1.8m barrels day, a growth of 1.7% a year against a net decline reported by our peer group over the same period.Today I will focus on what underpins the success and what we
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 5401 wordsCorporate Participants* Alessandro Bernini Eni S.p.A - CFO, Financial Reporting Officer * Claudio Descalzi Eni S.p.A - COO - Exploration and Production * Domenico Dispenza Eni S.p.A - COO - Gas & PowerConference Call Participants* Alejandro Demichelis Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Iain Reid Macquarie Securities - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Irene Himona Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * James Hubbard Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Barry MacCarthy Royal Bank of Scotland - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global - Analyst * Domenico Ghilotti Equita S.I.M. S.p.A - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Eni's Call Conference on its 2010 First Quarter Results, hosted by Alessandro Bernini, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call, you'll be on a listen-only mode. However, at the end of the call, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. I'm now handing you over to your host to begin today's conference. Thank you.&nbsp;ALESSANDRO BERNINI, CFO, FINANCIAL REPORTING OFFICER, ENI S.P.A: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our first quarter results presentation. Here with me today are Claudio
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 10592 wordsCorporate Participants* Paulo Scaroni Eni S.p.A. - CEO * Claudio Descalzi Eni S.p.A. - COO, Exploration & Production * Domenico Dispenza Eni S.p.A. - COO, Gas & Power * Angelo Fanelli Eni S.p.A. - COO, Refining & Marketing * Alessandro Bernini Eni S.p.A. - CFO * Camilla Palladino Eni S.p.A. - SVP of IRConference Call Participants* Iain Reid Jeffries International - Analyst * James Hubbard Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jon Rigby UBS - Analyst * Alejandro Demichelis Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Irene Himona Societe Generale - Analyst * Christine Tiscareno S&P Equity Research - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst * Sergio Molisani UniCredit - Analyst * Andreas Cowrie MediaBank - Analyst * Neill Morton Berenberg Bank - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationPAULO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A.: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our presentation. The main theme of today will be Upstream Growth. Our E&P division has a strong pipeline of attractive projects, and a diversified resource base, including new countries and new plays we have entered in 2010, with additional upside from the strategic position we have taken in shale gas.While E&P is Eni's main growth engine, all
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 7188 wordsCorporate Participants* Paolo ScaroniEni S.p.A - CEO* Massimo MondazziEni S.p.A - CFO* Claudio DescalziEni S.p.A - General Manager, Exploration & Production Division* Marco AlveraEni S.p.A - Senior EVP, Trading* Daniele FerrariEni SpA - CEO Versalis* Camilla PalladinoEni S.p.A. - SVP IRConference Call Participants&nbsp;* Theepan JothilingamNomura International Plc - Analyst* Hootan YazhariBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Nitin SharmaJPMorgan - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford C. Bernstein & Co - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Alastair SymeCitigroup - Analyst* Mark BloomfieldDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Michele Della VignaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Kim FustierCredit Suisse - Analyst* Andrea ScauriMediobanca - Analyst* Jason KenneySantander GBM - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: (audio in progress) -- Chief Executive Officer, and Massimo Mondazzi, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call, you will be in listen-only mode. However, at the end of the call, you have the opportunity to ask questions.I'm now handing you over to your hosts, to begin today's conference. Thank you.PAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our conference call. I will take you through some of the highlights of this year, and then I will hand you over to Massimo Mondazzi, our CFO,
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 15801 wordsCorporate Participants* Paolo ScaroniEni S.p.A. - CEO* Claudio DescalziEni S.p.A. - COO, Exploration and Production* Marco AlveraEni S.p.A. - SVP Trading* Massimo MondazziEni S.p.A. - CFO* Camilla PalladinoEni S.p.A. - SVP of IR* Angelo ZaccariEnipower S.p.A - DirectorConference Call Participants&nbsp;* Alejandro DemichelisExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Martijn RatsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Roberto RanieriBanca IMI Equity Research - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Michael RidleyMizuho International - Analyst* Rahim KarimBarclays - Analyst* Jason KenneySantander GBM - Analyst* Theepan JothilingamNomura International Plc - Analyst* Colin SmithVTB Capital - Analyst* Nitin SharmaJPMorgan - Analyst* Peter HuttonRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Christine TiscarenoS&P Capital IQ - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: (audio in progress) -- presentation, you will be in listen-only mode. However, at the end of the presentation, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. I now hand over to our hosts to begin to the conference. Thank you.PAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A.: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our strategy presentation. This is the first time that we discussed our strategy after we postponed our business profile and balance sheet through the divestments of Snam and Galp.Today, I would like
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 5360 wordsCorporate Participants* Massimo MondazziEni S.p.A - CFO* Claudio DescalziEni S.p.A - General Manager, Exploration & Production Division* Marco AlveraEni S.p.A - Senior EVP, Trading* Camilla PalladinoEni S.p.A. - SVP IRConference Call Participants* Theepan JothilingamNomura - Analyst* Alejandro DemichelisExane - Analyst&nbsp;* Alastair SymeCitigroup - Analyst* Michele Della VignaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Martijn RatsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Nitin SharmaJPMorgan - Analyst* Hootan YazhariMerrill Lynch - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Eni's 2013 first quarter results conference call hosted by Massimo Mondazzi, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call, you will be in listen-only mode. However, at the end of the call, you have the opportunity to ask questions. I'm now handing you over to your hosts to begin today's conference. Thank you.MASSIMO MONDAZZI, CFO, ENI S.P.A: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to our first quarter results conference call. Before I take you through the financial results, let me give you a summary of the main highlights of the quarter.In E&P production was impacted by a number of temporary issues, mainly Libya and Nigeria. In Libya, while the situation remains challenging, production has been
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 7728 wordsCorporate Participants* Paolo Scaroni Eni SpA - CEO * Marco Mangiagalli Eni SpA - CFO * Marco Dera Eni SpA * Claudio Descalzi Eni SpA - COO, E&P * Claudia Carloni Eni SpA - Head of Investor RelationsConference Call Participants* Alastair Syme Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Barry MacCarthy ABN Amro - Analyst * Michele Della Vigna Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Irene Himona Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * James Hubbard Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Colin Smith Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * William Forbes Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Spedding HSBC - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Eni's 2008 interim review conference call hosted by Paolo Scaroni, CEO. My name is [Ena] and I'll be your co-ordinator for today's conference. For the duration of the call we'll be on listen-only. However, at the end of the call you'll have the opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I'm now handing you over to your host to begin today's conference.&nbsp;PAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI SPA: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our 2008
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 7613 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Eni's 2008 interim review conference call hosted by Paolo Scaroni, CEO. My name is [Ena] and I'll be your co-ordinator for today's conference. For the duration of the call we'll be on listen-only. However, at the end of the call you'll have the opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I'm now handing you over to your host to begin today's conference.PAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI SPA: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our 2008 interim review. In the first six months of the year, we have made significant progress in implementing our long-term strategy. In E&P, where our strategy's to deliver sustainable industry leading growth, we have achieved a solid production increase of 2.8% in a climate of unprecedented oil price strength. Net of the PSA effect, our production growth would have been 8.1%, with robust growth of 2.3% excluding portfolio acquisitions. We have positioned ourselves well to deliver superior future growth through our successful exploration and by building a position in unconventional oil in Venezuela and Congo.&nbsp;This excellent result testifies the strength of our E&P division which has prospered under the stewardship of Stefano Cao and of his
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 5287 wordsCorporate Participants* Paolo Scaroni Eni - CEO * Sandro Bernini Eni - CFO * Claudio Descalzi Eni - COOConference Call Participants* Ian Reid - Analyst * Michele della Vigna Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Dave Thomas Citigroup - Analyst * Sergio Bonasoni UniCredit - Analyst * Will Forbes Credit Suisse - Analyst * John Rigby UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Eni 2008 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. My name is Rachel and I will be your coordinator for today's conference. For the duration of the call, you'll be on listen-only. However, at the end of the call, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;I am now handing you over to Mr. Scaroni to begin today's conference.PAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for attending our third quarter results conference call, despite the unusually late time. I apologize for the delay. It was caused by the signing of the final Kashagan agreement, on which I will be happy to answer your questions at the end of the presentation.We are pleased to be reporting a very strong set of numbers today. In a minute, [Sandro] will take
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 8174 wordsCorporate Participants* Paolo Scaroni Eni S.p.A. - CEO * Alessandro Bernini Eni S.p.A. - CFO * Claudio Descalzi Eni S.p.A. - COO, Exploration & ProductionConference Call Participants* Alastair Syme Nomura - Analyst * James Hubbard Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Collin Smyth ITAP - Analyst * Iain Reid Macquarie - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst * Gordon Gray Collins Stewart - Analyst * Paul Spedding HSBC - Analyst * Barry MacCarthy Royal Bank of Scotland - Analyst * Kim Fustier JPMorgan - Analyst * Dave Thomas Citigroup - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Michele Della Vigna Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global - Analyst * Domenico Ghilotti Equita - AnalystPresentationPAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A.: The first six months of the year have been challenging. In E&P, with oil prices down 53% year on year, production was affected by OPEC cuts and force majeure. While in Gas & Power the economic downturn [shift] gas sales. Despite these challenges we have achieved sound financial results with EUR6.3 billion of adjusted operating profit, EUR2.7 billion of adjusted net profit, and EUR7.6 billion of cash flow from operations.&nbsp;In the context of an uncertain
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 5522 wordsCorporate Participants* Alessandro Bernini Eni S.p.A. - CFO * Claudio Descalzi Eni S.p.A. - COO, Exploration and Production * Domenico Dispenza Eni S.p.A. - COO, Gas and PowerConference Call Participants* Michele Della Vigna Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Colin Smith ICAP - Analyst * Iain Reid Macquarie Securities - Analyst * Neil McMahon Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * James Hubbard Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Lucy Haskins Barclays Capital - Analyst * Domenico Ghilotti Equita - Analyst * Alastair Syme Nomura - Analyst * Neill Morton MF Global - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Eni's conference call on its 2009 third quarter results hosted by Alessandro Bernini, Chief Financial Officer. Now I hand over to Mr. Bernini. Thank you.&nbsp;ALESSANDRO BERNINI, CFO, ENI S.P.A.: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our third quarter results presentation. Here with me is Claudio Descalzi and Domenico Dispenza and, together we'll be happy to answer to your questions at the end of the presentation.The market environment in the quarter continued to be challenging, with hydrocarbon's prices sharply lower when compared to the same period of last year. Brent was down 41% and
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 4308 wordsCorporate Participants* Alessandro BerniniEni S.p.A. - Chief Financial Officer* Claudio DescalziEni S.p.A. - CEO, Exploration & Production* Domenico DispenzaEni S.p.A. - CEO, Gas & PowerConference Call Participants* Alejandro DemichelisBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Nitin SharmaJPMorgan - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Alastair SymeCitigroup - Analyst* Theepan JothilingamNomura - Analyst* Lucy HaskinsBarclays Capital - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford C. Bernstein & Co LLC - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Eni's 2011 third quarter results conference call, hosted by Alessandro Bernini, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call you will be in listen-only mode. However, at the end of the call you have the opportunity to ask questions. I'm now handing you over to your host, to begin today's conference call. Thank you.ALESSANDRO BERNINI, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ENI S.P.A.: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our third quarter results conference call.The third quarter of '11 was characterized by a significant progress on our strategic goals. In particular, the situation in Libya is evolving positively. The Abu-Attifel oilfield was re-started and we have re-opened the Greenstream pipeline on October 13. Our initial volumes are small, but we expect
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 6127 wordsCorporate Participants* Paolo ScaroniEni S.p.A - CEO* Alessandro BerniniEni S.p.A. - CFO* Claudio DescalziEni S.p.A. - COO, Exploration & Production* Umberto VergineEni S.p.A. - COO, Gas & Power* Camilla PalladinoEni S.p.A. - SVP, IRConference Call Participants* Nitin SharmaJPMorgan - Analyst* Marc KoflerMacquarie Securities - Analyst* Alejandro DemichelisBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Theepan JothilingamNomura International plc - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Andrea ScauriMediobanca - Analyst* Domenico GhilottiEquita SIM - Analyst* Mark BloomfieldDeutsche Bank Research - Analyst* Neill MortonBerenberg Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Eni's 2011 fourth quarter and full year results conference call, hosted by Paolo Scaroni, Chief Executive Officer and Alessandro Bernini, Chief Financial Officer.For the duration of the call you will be in listen only mode. However, at the end of the call you have the opportunity to ask questions.I am now handing you over to your hosts to begin today's conference call, thank you.PAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our 2011 fourth quarter and full year results presentation.2011, we made exceptional progress on our medium and long-term growth prospects. We had some remarkable successes in exploration, with important discoveries in the
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 15476 wordsCorporate Participants* Paolo ScaroniEni S.p.A - CEO* Claudio DescalziEni S.p.A. - COO, Exploration & Production* Umberto VergineEni S.p.A. - COO, Gas & Power* Alessandro BerniniEni S.p.A. - CFO* Camilla PalladinoEni S.p.A. - SVP, IR* Daniele FerrariEni S.p.A - Head Eni Versailles, CEO Polimeri EuropaConference Call Participants* Alejandro DemichelisMerrill Lynch - Analyst* David TrenchardKnight Vinke - Analyst* Iain ReidJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Roberto RanieriBanca Intesa San Paolo - Analyst* Alastair SymeCitigroup - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Andrea ScauriMediobanca - Analyst* Theepan JothilingamNomura International plc - Analyst* Mark BloomfieldDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Jason KenneySantander GBM - Analyst* Neill MortonBerenberg Bank - Analyst* Colin SmithVTB Capital - AnalystPresentationPAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our strategy presentation. This afternoon, I will give you an update on our prospect and targets in each of our main divisions. But before we do that, I would like to highlight how Eni has consolidated its position over the past years, and why we are now about to enter a period of rapid growth which will last not just for the next four years, but for the next decade.In E&P, the restart of our activities in Libya is
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 7089 wordsCorporate Participants* Paolo ScaroniEni S.p.A - CEO* Alessandro BerniniEni S.p.A - CFO* Umberto VergineEni S.p.A - COO, Gas & Power* Claudio DescalziEni S.p.A - General Manager, Exploration & Production Division* Camilla PalladinoEni S.p.A. - SVP IRConference Call Participants* Nitin Sharma&nbsp;JPMorgan - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford C. Bernstein & Co - Analyst* Hootan YazhariBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Matt LoftingNomura Securities - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Rahim KarimBarclays Capital - Analyst* Kim FustierCredit Suisse - Analyst* Alastair SymeCitigroup - Analyst* Martijn RatsMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Andrea ScauriMediobanca - AnalystPresentationPAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI S.P.A: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our interim update and second quarter results conference call. Looking at the first half of 2012, there are three main highlights that I would like to draw your attention to; two of these are positive strategic developments, and one is a negative business trend.First, we have made a good start on our non-core asset disposal program, unlocking value for shareholders, reducing debt, and refocusing the business.Secondly, we have further built up the organic growth prospects of our E&P through a stream of truly exceptional exploration successes.And third, we are facing challenging
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 6837 wordsCorporate Participants* Alessandro BerniniEni SpA - CFO* Umberto VergineEni SpA - General Manager, G&P Division* Claudio DescalziEni SpA - COO, E&P Division* Daniele FerrariEni SpA - CEO Versalis* Camilla PalladinoEni SpA - SVP IRConference Call Participants* Theepan JothilingamNomura International - Analyst* Iain ReidJeffries International - Analyst&nbsp;* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst* Nitin SharmaJP Morgan - Analyst* Michele Della VignaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Hootan YazhariBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Oswald ClintSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Andrea ScauriMediobanca - Analyst* Rahim KarimBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: I am now handing you over to your host to begin today's conference. Thank you.ALESSANDRO BERNINI, CFO, ENI SPA: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our third quarter results conference call.Let's start off with the highlights. With the sale of Snam and Galp progressing, the new Eni is starting to emerge. Our balance sheet at the end of Q3 is stronger, benefiting from cash inflows from the disposals of 5% (sic - see presentation 35%) of Snam, reported as an equity transaction, and 5% of Galp, and that deconsolidation for a total of around EUR11.1b. You should also be reminded that this figure doesn't include the EUR3.5b consideration from the
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 5659 wordsCorporate Participants* Marco Mangiagalli ENI Group - CFO * Stefano Cao ENI Group - COO, Exploration and ProductionConference Call Participants* Gordon Gray JP Morgan - Analyst * Theepan Jothilingam Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Colin Smith Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Irene Himona Exane BNP - Analyst * Jason Kenney ING - Analyst * Michele Della Vigna Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Barry MacCarthy ABN Amro - Analyst * Adam Porter Argus Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Eni's 2008 first quarter results conference call hosted by Marco Mangiagalli, CFO. My name is Wendy and I'll be your Coordinator for this conference. Throughout the presentation you will be on listen only, however at the end of the call there will be an opportunity to ask any questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).&nbsp;I will now hand you over to Mr. Marco Mangiagalli to begin today's conference. Thank you.MARCO MANGIAGALLI, CFO, ENI GROUP: Thank you Wendy. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our first quarter results presentation. Here with me is Stefano Cao and together we'll be pleased to answer your questions at the end of the presentation.In the first quarter of 2008 the Brent price
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 5498 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Eni's 2008 first quarter results conference call hosted by Marco Mangiagalli, CFO. My name is Wendy and I'll be your Coordinator for this conference. Throughout the presentation you will be on listen only, however at the end of the call there will be an opportunity to ask any questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I will now hand you over to Mr. Marco Mangiagalli to begin today's conference. Thank you.MARCO MANGIAGALLI, CFO, ENI GROUP: Thank you Wendy. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our first quarter results presentation. Here with me is Stefano Cao and together we'll be pleased to answer your questions at the end of the presentation.&nbsp;In the first quarter of 2008 the Brent price reached a new high averaging $97 per barrel and increasing by approximately 68% compared to the first quarter of 2007.The European Refining Margin averaged $3.8 per barrel, increasing by 25% compared to the first quarter of 2007. The margins realized by our oil refineries underperformed the trend of the benchmark indicators. This is because our refineries' yields are less geared to diesel products which performed strongly, and more weighted on fuel oil which quoted
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 6605 wordsCorporate Participants* Massimo MondazziEni S.p.A - CFO* Claudio DescalziEni S.p.A - General Manager, Exploration & Production Division* Marco AlveraEni S.p.A - Senior EVP, TradingConference Call Participants* Theepan JothilingamNomura International - Analyst* Alejandro DemichelisExane - Analyst* Irene HimonaSociete Generale - Analyst* Jon RigbyUBS - Analyst&nbsp;* Mark BloomfieldDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Michele Della VignaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Marc KoflerMacquarie - Analyst* Lydia RainforthBarclays - Analyst* Jason KenneySantander - Analyst* Andrea ScauriMediobanca - Analyst* Neill MortonInvestec - Analyst* Dario MichiBanca Akros - Analyst* Alastair SymeCiti - Analyst* Roberto LetiziaEquita Sim - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Eni's 2013 third quarter results conference call hosted by Massimo Mondazzi, Chief Financial Officer. For the duration of the call, you will be in listen only mode. However, at the end of the call, you have the opportunity to ask questions. I'm now handing you over to your host to begin today's conference. Thank you.MASSIMO MONDAZZI, CFO, ENI S.P.A: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to our third quarter results.Before I take you through the financial results, let me give you a summary of the main highlights of the quarter and a few words about the market environment. Highlights first.In
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 12296 wordsPAOLO SCARONI, CEO, ENI SPA: Last November we struck a landmark agreement with Gazprom which extends our gas contract to 2035 and opens up new exciting opportunities of upstream expansion in Russia. During 2006, we maintained pleasing production growth, despite the impact of our ongoing troubles in Nigeria and disruption in Venezuela.The solid production performance of the E&P, together with continued growth in gas sales, underpinned a healthy 14% increase in cash flow from operations and a 19% increase in free cash flow. Our profits were the highest in our history. Both the fourth quarter and the full year are at the top end of expectations.The total shareholder returns, as again in 2006, outperformed our European peer group as it has done over the last five years. Today, we will share with you our positioning in each division and show how Eni has a unique platform to deliver growth in all its business segments.&nbsp;Moving now to our agenda for today, Marco will start by giving you more details about our 2006 performance. I will then update you on our strategy. Stefano, Domenico and Mario will outline how our strategy will be delivered in each of our divisions. Finally,
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 6578 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Eni 2007 first quarter results conference call, hosted by Marco Mangiagalli. My name is Wendy and I will be the coordinator for this conference. During the presentation you will be on listen only. However, at the end of the call there will be an opportunity to ask a question. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I will now hand you over to your host, Mr. Marco Mangiagalli. Thank you.MARCO MANGIAGALLI, CFO, ENI S.P.A.: Thank you, Wendy. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our first quarter results presentation. Let's start with the scenario. The market environment was mixed. Oil prices continued to decline from the record level reached in the third quarter of 2006 and averaged $58 per barrel in the first quarter, 6.5% lower than a year ago.By contrast, our refining margin indicator averaged $3 per barrel and was 4% higher than in the first quarter of '06. It's worth saying that the margins realized by our own refineries showed a better trend than the benchmark, mainly as a result of lower maintenance activity.&nbsp;Finally, the euro appreciated by 9% versus the U.S. dollar year on year.As usual, I would like
ENI SpA	LENGTH: 7117 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Eni 2007 3Q results conference call hosted by Marco Mangiagalli, CFO. My name is Wendy and I'll be your coordinator for this conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTION) I will now hand you over to your host, Mr. Marco Mangiagalli, to begin today's conference. Thank you.MARCO MANGIAGALLI, CFO, ENI S.P.A.: Thank you, Wendy. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to this conference call during which I comment on the 2007 third quarter results and business trends. At the end of the presentation, together with Stefano who is here with me and who will be in a position to update you on the recent developments in the upstream division, we'll be pleased to answer to your questions.Let me start with a quick overview of the trading environment. The third quarter of '07 the Brent prices strengthened averaging $74.9 per barrel and increasing by approximately 8% compared to the third quarter of 2006.&nbsp;In Refining, our third quarter indicator margin fell by approximately 5%. The margins realized by our own refineries were, however, significantly weaker due to the narrowing of light/heavy crude differential.Finally, the euro showed an appreciation of 8% versus the U.S.
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8779 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the eBay first-quarter 2004 earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question please press the one followed by the four on your telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday April 21st, 2004.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Rubash, Vice President of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.MARK RUBASH (ph), VICE PRESIDENT OF CORPORATE FINANCE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS, EBAY INCORPORATED: Good afternoon, thank you and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the 2004 first quarter. Joining me are Meg Whitman, our President and CEO, and Rajiv Dutta, our Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;This conference call is also being broadcast on the internet and is available through the investor relations section of the eBay website. Before we begin, I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8753 wordsCorporate Participants* Mark Rowen eBay, Inc. - VP, IR * John Donahoe eBay, Inc. - President, CEO * Bob Swan eBay, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Doug Anmuth Barclay's Capital - Analyst * Scott Devitt Stifel, Nicolaus - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Steve Weinstein Pacific Crest - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Christa Quarles Thomas Weisel - Analyst * Ben Schachter UBS - Analyst * Justin Post Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to eBay's fourth quarter and year end 2008 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mark Rowen, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;MARK ROWEN, VP, IR, EBAY, INC.: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter and full year of 2008. Joining me on today's call are: John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 7928 wordsCorporate Participants* Tom HudsoneBay Inc - VP of IR* John DonahoeeBay Inc - President and CEO* Bob SwaneBay Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Colin SebastianRobert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst* Douglas AnmuthJPMorgan - Analyst* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Youssef SqualiCantor Fitzgerald - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst&nbsp;* Ron JoseyJMP Securities - Analyst* Ben SchachterMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Gil LuriaWedbush Securities - Analyst* Mark MahaneyRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Ross SandlerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Stephen JuCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the eBay second quarter 2013 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, today's conference may be recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Tom Hudson, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.TOM HUDSON, VP OF IR, EBAY INC: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2013. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our president and Chief Executive
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 10356 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to eBay's fourth quarter 2005 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman, the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rajiv Dutta, and the Investor Relations Director, Ms. Lydia Ventura. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Lydia Ventura. Please go ahead, ma'am.LYDIA VENTURA, IR DIRECTOR, EBAY: Good afternoon. Thank you, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter of 2005. Joining me today are Meg Whitman, our President and CEO, and Rajiv Dutta, our Chief Financial Officer. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website. Before we begin, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to GAAP measures in the tables of our earnings press release. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 9239 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome everyone to eBay's first-quarter 2006 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman; the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan; and the Investor Relations Director, Ms. [Lydia Ventura].At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Lydia Ventura. Please go ahead.LYDIA VENTURA, DIRECTOR, IR, EBAY: Good afternoon. Thank you and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2006. Joining me today are Meg Whitman, our President and CEO, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and is available to the Investor Relations section of the eBay Website.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the tables of our earnings press release. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 11253 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome, everyone, to eBay's second-quarter 2006 earnings results conference call. (technical difficulty). Today's call is being recorded. With us today from the Company are the President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman; the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan; and from Investor Relations, Mr. [Celine Frayha]. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Frayha. Please go ahead, sir.CELINE FRAYHA, IR, EBAY: Good afternoon. Thank you and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2006. Joining me today are Meg Whitman, our President and CEO and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay Website.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you during the course of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the tables of our earnings press release. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 10259 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome everyone to eBay's third quarter 2006 earnings result conference call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman; the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan; and the Investor Relations Director, Ms. [Lydia Ventura]. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Lydia Ventura. Please go ahead, ma'am.LYDIA VENTURA, DIRECTOR IR, EBAY INC.: Good afternoon. Thank you and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2006. Joining me today are Meg Whitman, our President and CEO, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website. Before we begin, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the tables of our earnings press release.&nbsp;In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 9850 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone, and welcome to eBay's second quarter 2005 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Meg Whitman and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rajiv Dutta. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt Gustke. Please go ahead, sir.MATT GUSTKE, INVESTOR RELATIONS, EBAY: Good afternoon. Thank you, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the 2005 second quarter. Joining me are Meg Whitman, our President and CEO and Rajiv Dutta, our Chief Financial Officer. This conference call is also being broadcast on the internet and is available through the investor relations' section of the eBay website.Before we begin, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some nonGAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the tables of our earnings release. In addition management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business, user base
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 10244 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. And welcome to eBay's third quarter 2005 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman; and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rajiv Dutta. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Lydia Ventura, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.LYDIA VENTURA, SENIOR DIRECTOR, IR, EBAY: Good afternoon. Thank you and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the 2005 third quarter. And I'm Lydia Ventura and I'm the new Senior Director of Investor Relations for eBay. While new to Investor Relations I've been with eBay for almost seven years in various finance roles most recently as head of Financial Planning and Analysis. I look forward to working with all of you.&nbsp;Joining me today are Meg Whitman our President and CEO; and Rajiv Dutta our Chief Financial Officer. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website. Before we begin, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this conference
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8986 wordsCorporate Participants* Tracey Ford eBay - IR * John Donahoe eBay - President, CEO * Bob Swan eBay - SVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Youssef Squali Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Caris & Company - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steve Weinstein Pacific Crest Securities - Analyst * Stephen Ju RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Brian Pitz UBS - Analyst * Douglas Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan Chase & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's Q3 2010 earnings call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. Now it's my pleasure to announce your host, Tracey Ford, Director of Investor Relations.&nbsp;TRACEY FORD, IR, EBAY: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2010.Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call.This conference call is also being
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 9263 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome do the eBay third quarter 2004 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time if you have a question, please press the 1 followed by the 4 on your telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, October 20, 2004. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Joseph, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID JOSEPH, DIRECTOR, IR, EBAY: Good afternoon. Thank you and welcome to eBay's earning release conference call for the 2004 third quarter. Joining me are Meg Whitman, our President and CEO and Rajiv Dutta, our Chief Financial Officer. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website.Before we begin, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the tables in our earnings release.
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 11022 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the eBay 2004 fourth quarter earnings release conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press the 1 followed by the 4 on your telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, January 19th, 2004.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Joseph, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID JOSEPH, DIRECTOR OF IR, EBAY: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the 2004 fourth quarter. Joining me are Meg Whitman, our President and CEO, and Rajiv Dutta, our Chief Financial Officer. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and is available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the tables
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 9991 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to eBay's first quarter 2005 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Meg Whitman and the Chief Financial Officer, Rajiv Dutta. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Matt [Gutski]. Please go ahead sir.MATT GUTSKI (ph), EBAY: Good afternoon. Thank you and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the 2005 first quarter. Joining me are Meg Whitman, our President and CEO and Rajiv Dutta our Chief Financial Officer. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and is available through our Investor Relations section of the eBay Website. Before we begin, I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to GAAP measures in the tables of our earnings release. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business and user base.
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8333 wordsCorporate Participants* Jennifer Ceran eBay Inc. - VP IR * John Donahoe eBay Inc. - President, CEO * Bob Swan eBay Inc. - SVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Colin Sebastian Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Caris & Company - Analyst * Colin Gillis BGC Partners - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jay Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to eBay's first-quarter 2011 earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. Now I'll turn the program over to Jennifer Ceran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;JENNIFER CERAN, VP IR, EBAY INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2011.Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8614 wordsCorporate Participants* Jennifer CeraneBay Inc. - VP of IR* John DonahoeeBay Inc. - President and CEO* Bob SwaneBay Inc. - SVP of Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - Analyst* Gil LuriaWedbush Securities - Analyst* Ron JoseyThinkEquity - Analyst* Justin PostBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Rohit KulkarniCitigroup - Analyst* Gene MunsterPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Ben SchachterMacquarie - Analyst* Colin SebastianRobert W. Baird - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's Q1 2012 earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions on how to participate will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.And now I would like to turn the conference over to Jennifer Ceran, Vice President Investor Relations.JENNIFER CERAN, VP OF IR, EBAY INC.: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earning release conference call for the first quarter of 2012. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8107 wordsCorporate Participants* Tracey FordeBay Inc. - IR Director* John DonahoeeBay Inc. - President, CEO* Bob SwaneBay Inc. - SVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Colin SebastianRobert W. Baird& Co. Inc. - Analyst* Gil LuriaWedbush Securities - Analyst* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ron Josey&nbsp;ThinkEquity LLC - Analyst* Brian NowakNomura Securities - Analyst* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call.At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded.I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Tracey Ford, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.TRACEY FORD, IR DIRECTOR, EBAY INC.: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2012.Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, or Chief Financial Officer.We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks
eBay Inc.	FinalCorporate Participants* Mark Rowen eBay - VP IR * John Donahoe eBay - President, CEO * Bob Swan eBay - CFOConference Call Participants* Mark Mahaney Citi - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Barclays - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Scott Devon Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Stephen Ju RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Justin Post BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Heath Terry FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Brian Pitz UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Hello and welcome to eBay Inc's fourth-quarter 2009 earnings call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn it over to Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations.&nbsp;MARK ROWEN, VP IR, EBAY: Thank you Kevin. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter and full year of 2009. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is
eBay Inc.	FinalCorporate Participants* Mark Rowen eBay - VP of IR * John Donahoe eBay - President and CEO * Bob Swan eBay - SVP of Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Douglas Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Colin Sebastian Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Justin Post BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Stephen Ju RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to eBay's Q1 2010 earnings conference call. Currently, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions for audio questions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the program over to our speaker, Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.MARK ROWEN, VP OF IR, EBAY: Thanks, Operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2010. Joining me
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8839 wordsCorporate Participants* Tracey Ford eBay Inc. - Director of IR * John Donahoe eBay Inc. - President and CEO * Bob Swan eBay Inc. - SVP, Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Sandeep Aggarwal Caris & Company - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan Chase - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Gene Munster Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Steve Weinstein Pacific Crest Securities - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's Q2 2010 earnings call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.&nbsp;Now it's my pleasure to announce your host, Tracey Ford, Director of Investor Relations.TRACEY FORD, DIRECTOR OF IR, EBAY INC.: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2010.Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8350 wordsCorporate Participants* Tracey Ford eBay - Director IR * John Donahoe eBay - President, CEO * Bob Swan eBay - CFOConference Call Participants* Sandeep Aggarwal Caris & Company - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citi - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Securities - Analyst * Spencer Wang Credit Suisse - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Colin Sebastian Lazard - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to eBay's fourth-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Now I will turn the program over to Tracey Ford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;TRACEY FORD, DIRECTOR IR, EBAY: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter of 2010. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 7221 wordsCorporate Participants* Tom HudsoneBay Inc. - VP of IR* John DonahoeeBay Inc. - President & CEO* Bob SwaneBay Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Gil LuriaWedbush Securities - Analyst* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Mark MahaneyRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Ron JoseyJMP Securities - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst&nbsp;* Douglas AnmuthJPMorgan - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Stephen JuCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to eBay's first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Tom Hudson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.TOM HUDSON, VP OF IR, EBAY INC.: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2013. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8732 wordsCorporate Participants* Mark Rowen eBay - VP of IR * John Donahoe eBay - President, CEO * Bob Swan eBay - CFOConference Call Participants* James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies - Analyst * Christa Quarles Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Brian Pitz Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * David Joseph Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Scott Devitt Stifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, welcome to the eBay third quarter 2008 earnings result conference call. This call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;MARK ROWEN, VP OF IR, EBAY: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2008. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8376 wordsCorporate Participants* Mark Rowen eBay Inc. - VP of IR * John Donahoe eBay Inc. - President and CEO * Bob Swan eBay Inc. - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Christa Quarles Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Ben Schachter Broadpoint AmTech - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mark Mahaney Citi - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Douglas Anmuth Barclays Capital - Analyst * Justin Post Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Steve Weinstein Pacific Crest Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to eBay's second-quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;MARK ROWEN, VP OF IR, EBAY INC.: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2009. Joining me on today's call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We are providing a slide presentation to
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8246 wordsCorporate Participants* Mark Rowen eBay - IR * John Donahoe eBay - President, CEO * Bob Swan eBay - SVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Christa Quarles Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Brian Pitts UBS - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Sandeep Aggarwal Collins Stewart - Analyst * Ben Schachter Broadpoint AmTech - Analyst * Scott Devitt Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, good day. Welcome to eBay's third-quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded, and at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;MARK ROWEN, IR, EBAY: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings-release conference call for the third quarter of 2009. Joining me on today's call are John Donahoe, our Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8430 wordsCorporate Participants* Jennifer CeraneBay - VP IR* John DonahoeeBay - President, CEO* Bob SwaneBay - SVP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Gil LuriaWedbush Securities - Analyst* Doug AnmuthBarclays Capital - Analyst* Colin SebastianRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Matt NemerWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ben SchachterMacquarie Research - Analyst* Justin PostBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mark MahaneyCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded.I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Jennifer Ceran, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.JENNIFER CERAN, VP IR, EBAY: Thank you and good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2011. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in Bob and John's prepared remarks represent
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8431 wordsCorporate Participants* Jennifer CeraneBay Inc. - VP of IR* John DonahoeeBay Inc. - President and CEO* Bob SwaneBay Inc. - SVP of Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Ross SandlerRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Tom ForteTelsey Advisory Group - Analyst* Youssef SqualiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Mark MahaneyCitigroup - Analyst* Brian PitzUBS - Analyst* Spencer WangCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's Q4 2011 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions on how to participate will be given at that time. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.Now I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Jennifer Ceran, Vice President of Investor Relations.JENNIFER CERAN, VP OF IR, EBAY INC.: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter and full-year 2011. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We're providing a slide presentation to
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8638 wordsCorporate Participants* Tom HudsoneBay Inc. - VP of IR* John DonahoeeBay Inc. - President and CEO* Bob SwaneBay Inc. - SVP of Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Ross SandlerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Mark MahaneyCitigroup - Analyst&nbsp;* Brian PitzJefferies & Company - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Colin SebastianRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Douglas AnmuthJPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.TOM HUDSON, VP OF IR, EBAY INC.: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2012. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 10090 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to eBay's fourth-quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded.With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman; the Future CEO, Mr. John Donahoe; the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan; and the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Mark Rowen. Now at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Rowen.MARK ROWEN, IR, EBAY: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone, thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2007. Joining me today on the call are Meg Whitman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; John Donahoe, our Future CEO and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebay.com.&nbsp;Before we began, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 9549 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to eBay's first quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. John Donahoe; and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Rowen, the Vice President of Investor Relations.MARK ROWEN, VP, IR, EBAY: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2008. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our new President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations's section of the eBay website, investor.ebay.com.&nbsp;Before we begin I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 9630 wordsCorporate Participants* Bob Swan eBay - CFO * Mark Rowen eBay - VP, IR * John Donahoe eBay - President, CEOConference Call Participants* Mark Mahaney Citigroup - Analyst * Brian Pitz Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Jeetil Patel Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Imran Khan JPMorgan - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Doug Anmuth Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Justin Post Merrill Lynch - Analyst * David Joseph Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to eBay's first quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. John Donahoe; and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Rowen, the Vice President of Investor Relations.&nbsp;MARK ROWEN, VP, IR, EBAY: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2008. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our new President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8612 wordsCorporate Participants* Mark Rowen eBay Inc. - VP IR * John Donahoe eBay Inc. - CEO * Bob Swan eBay Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Jeffrey Lindsay Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Brian Pensky Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Youssef Squali Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Scott Devitt Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * James Mitchell Goldman Sachs - Analyst * David Joseph Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Christa Quarles Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Brian Pitz Bank of America - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome everyone to eBay's second quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. John Donahoe, and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mark Rowen, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;MARK ROWEN, VP IR, EBAY INC.: Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2008. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We are providing a slide
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8527 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome everyone to eBay's second quarter 2008 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. John Donahoe, and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mark Rowen, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.MARK ROWEN, VP IR, EBAY INC.: Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2008. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBay.com.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8703 wordsCorporate Participants* Mark RoweneBay Inc. - VP of IR* John DonahoeeBay Inc. - President, CEO* Bob SwaneBay Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Christa QuarlesThomas Weisel Partners - Analyst* Mark MahaneyCitigroup - Analyst* Doug AnmuthBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jeffrey LindsaySanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;* James MitchellGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Justin PostBAS-ML - Analyst* Heath TerryFBR - Analyst* Naved KhanJefferies & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome, everyone, to eBay's first-quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. John Donahoe; and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Rowen, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.MARK ROWEN, VP OF IR, EBAY INC.: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2009. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8466 wordsCorporate Participants* Tom HudsoneBay Inc. - VP of IR* John DonahoeeBay Inc. - President & CEO* Bob SwaneBay Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Ross SandlerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Sanjay SakhraniKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Stephen JuCredit Suisse - Analyst* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ben SchachterMacquarie Research - Analyst&nbsp;* Justin PostBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Youssef SqualiCantor Fitzgerald - Analyst* Jordan RohanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by and welcome to the eBay's fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Tom Hudson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.TOM HUDSON, VP OF IR, EBAY INC.: Good afternoon, thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2012. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 8925 wordsCorporate Participants* Tom HudsoneBay Inc - VP, IR* John DonahoeeBay Inc - President & CEO* Bob SwaneBay Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Ron JoseyJMP Securities - Analyst* Colin SebastianRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Gil LuriaWedbush Securities - Analyst* Douglas AnmuthJPMorgan - Analyst* Sanjay Sakhrani&nbsp;Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Heath TerryGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Scott DevittMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Glenn FodorAutonomous Research - Analyst* Brian PitzJefferies & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to eBay's third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Tom Hudson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.TOM HUDSON, VP, IR, EBAY INC: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2013. Joining me today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 11041 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to eBay's fourth-quarter 2006 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman; the Chief Financial Officer, Bob Swan; and the Investor Relations Director, Ms. Lydia Ventura.At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Lydia Ventura. Please go ahead, ma'am.LYDIA VENTURA, IR DIRECTOR, EBAY: Good afternoon. Thank you and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the fourth-quarter and full-year results for 2006. Joining me today are Meg Whitman, our President and CEO, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;This quarter, for the first time, we will be providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob Swan's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 9428 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to eBay's first quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman; the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan; and the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Mark Rowen.At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Rowen. Please go ahead sir.MARK ROWEN, VP IR, EBAY INC.: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the first quarter of 2007. It is a real pleasure for me to be here today after listening to the call from the other side for so many quarters.&nbsp;Joining me today are Meg Whitman, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.This quarter we are once again providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet. And both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 9670 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to eBay's second-quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. This call is being recorded. With us today from the Company are the President and the Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Meg Whitman; the Chief Financial Officer, Bob Swan; and Mark Rowen, Vice President of Investor Relations.I would now like to turn the call over to Mark Rowen for opening remarks and introductions.MARK ROWEN, VP OF IR, EBAY: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us, and welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the second quarter of 2007. Joining me today on the call are Meg Whitman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures
eBay Inc.	LENGTH: 9545 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to eBay's third quarter 2007 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. With us today from the Company is the President and Chief Executive Officer, Meg Whitman, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Bob Swan, and the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Mark Rowen. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Rowen.MARK ROWEN, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, EBAY, INC.: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Welcome to eBay's earnings release conference call for the third quarter of 2007. Joining me today on the call are Meg Whitman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of eBay's Web site.Before we begin I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 8668 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy BurkhalterEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP, IR* Mike CreelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - CEO* Jim TeagueEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - COO* Randy FowlerEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP, CFO* Tony ChovanecEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP, Fundamentals and Supply* Bryan BulawaEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP, Treasurer&nbsp;* Rudy NixEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP, Distribution Service and Asset Optimization* Russ KovinEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP, NGLs* Robbie LeffelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP, Crude OilConference Call Participants* Darren HorowitzRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* Brian ZarahnBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ross PayneWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Brad OlsenTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities - Analyst* John EdwardsCredit Suisse - Analyst* Matt PhillipsClarkson Capital Markets - Analyst* TJ SchultzRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Jennifer and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners second-quarter 2013 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you.And Mr. Burkhalter, you may begin your conference.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 6095 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. Thank you all for holding. I'd like to remind all parties that they will be on a listen-only mode until today's question-and-answer session. Also, the conference is being recorded. So if anyone has objections, they may disconnect at this time.I'd like to turn the conference call over now to Randy Burkhalter, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning. Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the fourth quarter of 2005. Bob Phillips, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call, followed by Mike Creel, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise are Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder; Ralph Cunningham, Executive Vice President and our Chief Operating Officer; and several other members of our senior management (technical difficulty). Afterward, we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;Before we get started, I would like to say during this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 1702 wordsRANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ENTERPRISE GP HOLDINGS: Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise GP Holdings Conference Call to discuss earnings for the fourth quarter of 2005. Mike Creel, Enterprises's President and CEO will lead the call. Also included on the call today from Enterprise GP Holdings are Randy Fowler, Senior Vice President and CFO, Dan Duncan, Chairman and other members of our senior management team. Afterward, we will open the call up for your questions.During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the belief of the company as well assumptions made by the information currently available to Enterprise GP Holdings management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable they can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements made during this call and with that we'll turn the call over to Mike.&nbsp;MIKE CREEL, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE GP HOLDINGS: Thanks Randy
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 9106 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. At this time, all participants are currently in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may [disconnect].I'd now like to turn the meeting over to today's host, Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR - IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thank you, Ed, and good morning, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for our first quarter of 2006. Bob Phillips, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call, followed by Mark Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, and other several senior members of our management team. Afterwards, we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprises management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can make no assurance
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 1693 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise GP Holdings first quarter 2006 earnings conference call.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, ENTERPRISE GP HOLDINGS L.P.: Thank you Marcella and good morning and welcome to the Enterprise GP Holdings conference call to discuss earnings for the first quarter of 2006. Mike Creel, the partnership's President and CEO will lead the call. Also with us today is Randy Fowler the Senior Vice President and CFO of GP Holdings as well as Dan Duncan, our Chairman, and other members of senior management.During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available by GP Holdings management. Although management believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 10367 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good morning, good afternoon, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners second quarter earnings call. At this time, all participants are currently in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to today's first presenter, Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR - IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thank you Ed. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the second quarter. Bob Phillips, Enterprise's President and CEO will lead the call, followed by Mike Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. We also have other members of our senior management team present. Afterwards, we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21 E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 7859 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners third quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Good morning and welcome to everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the third quarter. Bob Phillips, our President and CEO, will lead our call this morning, followed by Mike Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Mr. Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, as well as other senior members of our management team. Afterward we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, they can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 6135 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you all for holding. At this time, I would like to inform participants that their lines are in a listen-only mode for the duration of the call until the question-and-answer session, and that today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to turn the call over to Randy Burkhalter. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS: Thank you and good morning. And welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the second quarter of 2005. Bob Phillips, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call, followed by Mike Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also included on the call today from Enterprise are Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, and several senior members of our management team. Afterwards, we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 9899 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Burkhalter Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP, IR * Mike Creel Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - President, CEO * Jim Teague Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP, COO * Randy Fowler Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP, CFO * Don Johnson Enterprise Products Partners L.P. * Mark Hurley Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Bill Ordemann Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP * Chris Skoog Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Jim Collingsworth Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Rudy Nix Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Lynn Bourdon Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVPConference Call Participants* Ted Durbin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Darren Horowitz Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Stephen Maresca Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Tysseland Citigroup - Analyst * Yves Siegel Credit Suisse - Analyst * Sharon Lui Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * John Edwards Morgan Keegan & Co. - Analyst * Ross Payne Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Bernard Colson Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Thea and I'll be the conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 9636 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for waiting. Welcome to the Enterprise Products third quarter 2004 earnings release conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of the call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your speaker for today's call, Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Grace. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss third-quarter earnings. Dub Andras, Enterprise's Vice Chairman and CEO, will lead the call, followed by Bob Phillips, Enterprise's President and Chief Operating Officer, and Mike Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise are Dan Duncan, our Chairman and co-Founder, and several senior members of our management. Afterwards we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21 E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 9884 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded; if you have any objection you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Thank you, sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS: Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the fourth quarter of 2004. Dub Andras, our Vice Chairman and CEO, will lead the call followed by Bob Phillips, Enterprise's President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also included on the call today from Enterprise are Dan Duncan, our Chairman and co-founder and several members of our senior management team. Afterwards we will open up the call for your questions.&nbsp;Before we get started let me make a few statements here about forward-looking statements. During the call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21-E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 7483 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to Enterprise Products Partners 2005 first quarter earnings call. All participants will be placed on listen-only until the question and answer session of the call. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Randy Burkhalter Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the first quarter of 2005. Bob Phillips, Enterprise's President and CEO will lead the call, followed by Mike Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise are Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder and several senior members of our management team. Afterwards, we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21-E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 8569 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Burkhalter Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP - IR * Mike Creel Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - President & CEO * Jim Teague Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP & COO * Bryan Bulawa Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP & Treasurer * Mark Hurley Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP - Crude Oil & Offshore * Chris Skoog Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Lynn Bourdon Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Jim Collingsworth Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Tom Zulim Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Don Johnson Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - ManagerConference Call Participants* Brian Zarahn Barclays Capital - Analyst * Brad Olsen Tudor, Pickering, Holt - Analyst * Darren Horowitz Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * John Tysseland Citigroup - Analyst * Ted Durbin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Ross Payne Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * John Edwards Morgan Keegan & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Becca Followill US Capital Advisors - Analyst * Michael Blum Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Yves Siegel Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Sara and I will be your conference operator today. At
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 8881 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy BurkhalterEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP, IR* Mike CreelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - President and CEO* Jim TeagueEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP and COO* Randy FowlerEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP and CFO* Ryan ColemanEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Manager, Fundamentals Analysis* Lynn BourdonEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP, NGL and Natural Gas Marketing, Petrochemicals and Marine* Mark HurleyEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP, Crude & Offshore* Jim CollingsworthEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP, Regulated Pipelines & Gas Storage* Rudy NixEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP, Distribution Services & Asset OptimizationConference Call Participants* Darren HorowitzRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* Brian ZarahnBarclays Capital - Analyst* Mark ReichmanSimmons & Company - Analyst* Ted DurbinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ross PayneWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Michael BlumWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* T.J. SchultzRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Bradley OlsenTudor Pickering & Co. - Analyst* John TysselandCitigroup - Analyst* Lynn BourdenPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Ashley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 12776 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for standing by. All parties will be on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer segment of today's call. Also, the call is being recorded today for replay purposes. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time.Now, I would like to the call over to your first speaker, Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS: Thank you, Margie. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for our third quarter 2005. Bob Phillips, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call, followed by Mike Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise are Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Co-Founder and several senior members of our management (technical difficulty). Afterward, we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;Before we get started, let me make a couple statements about forward-looking statements (technical difficulty) make during the call under the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by information currently available to
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 9032 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Burkhalter Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP of IR * Mike Creel Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - President and CEO * Jim Teague Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer * Randy Fowler Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP and CFO * Chris Skoog Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Mark Hurley Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Tom Zulim Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVPConference Call Participants* Brian Zarahn Barclays Capital - Analyst * Stephen Maresca Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Darren Horowitz Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Ted Durbin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Ross Payne Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Yves Siegel Credit Suisse - Analyst * Michael Blum Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * John Edwards Morgan Keegan & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Jeremy Tonet UBS - Analyst * Mark Easterbrook RBC Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners first quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and if you have any
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 9100 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Burkhalter Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP of IR * Mike Creel Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - President and CEO * Jim Teague Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer * Randy Fowler Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP and CFO * Chris Skoog Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Mark Hurley Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVPConference Call Participants* Brian Zarahn Barclays Capital - Analyst * Stephen Maresca Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Darren Horowitz Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Ted Durbin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Ross Payne Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Yves Siegel Credit Suisse - Analyst * Michael Blum Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * John Edwards Morgan Keegan & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Jeremy Tonet UBS - Analyst * Mark Easterbrook RBC Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners first quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today's call is being recorded and if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.I would now
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 8798 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy BurkhalterEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP of IR* Mike CreelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Director, President and CEO* Jim TeagueEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Director, EVP and COO* Randy FowlerEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Director, EVP and CFO* Tom ZulimEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP* Bill Ordemann&nbsp;Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP* Jim CisarikEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP* Tony ChovanecEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP of Fundamentals and Strategic AssessmentConference Call Participants* Darren HorowitzRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* Brian ZarahnBarclays Capital - Analyst* Brad OlsenTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities - Analyst* Curt LaunerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Noah LernerHartz Capital - Analyst* Michael BlumWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* John EdwardsCredit Suisse - Analyst* Yves SiegelNeuberger Berman, LLC - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Regina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, (Operator Instructions).Thank
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 7529 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy BurkhalterEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP of IR* Mike CreelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - CEO* Jim TeagueEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - COO* Randy FowlerEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP and CFO* Robbie LeffelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP, Crude Oil* Tom ZulimEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP&nbsp;* Tony ChovanecEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP of Fundamentals and Supply* Bill OrdemannEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP* Jerry CardilloEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP of Petrochemicals and MarineConference Call Participants* Darren HorowitzRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* Brad OlsenTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities - Analyst* Brian ZarahnBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ted DurbinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* John EdwardsCredit Suisse - Analyst* TJ SchultzRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Michael BlumWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Noah LernerHartz Capital - Analyst* Jason StevensMorningstar - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jay and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners' first quarter 2013 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)I'd now like to hand the call
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 12626 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Burkhalter Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP of IR * Mike Creel Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - President and CEO * Randy Fowler Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP and CFO * Hank Bachmann Duncan Energy Partners - CEO and President * Jim Teague Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - CCO * Chris Skoog Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Bill Ordemann Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - COO * Greg Watkins Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP of Corporate Risk * Dan Duncan Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - Chairman * James Lytal Enterprise Products Parnters - EVPConference Call Participants* Mark Reichman Sanders Morris Harris - Analyst * Darren Horowitz Raymond James - Analyst * Michael Blum Wachovia - Analyst * Ross Payne Wachovia - Analyst * Sharon Lui Wachovia - Analyst * Erik Vlasky RBC - Analyst * Noah Lerner Hartz Capital - Analyst * Shaumo Sadhukan Lotus Partners - Analyst * Brian Zarahn Barclay's Capital - Analyst * John Edwards Morgan Keegan - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Hello, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners and Duncan Energy Partners third quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation,
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 10800 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy BurkhalterEnterprise Products Partners LP - VP - IR* Mike CreelEnterprise Products Partners LP - President and CEO* Jim TeagueEnterprise Products Partners LP - EVP, COO* Randy FowlerEnterprise Products Partners LP - EVP and CFO* Tony ChovanecEnterprise Products Partners LP - VP* Mark HurleyEnterprise Products Partners LP - SVP - Crude Oil & Offshore* Tom ZulimEnterprise Products Partners LP - SVP - Unregulated NGL BusinessConference Call Participants* Darren HorowitzRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* Bradley OlsenTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities - Analyst* Brian ZarahnBarclays Capital - Analyst* Stephen MarescaMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jeremy TonetJPMorgan - Analyst* John TysselandCitigroup - Analyst* Yves SiegelCredit Suisse - Analyst* Ross PayneWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Michael BlumWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* John EdwardsMorgan Keegan & Co., Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Dennis, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After these speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 11053 wordsCorporate Participants* Michael CreelEnterprise Products Partners LP - President, CEO* Jim TeagueEnterprise Products Partners LP - EVP, COO* Randy FowlerEnterprise Products Partners LP - EVP, CFO* Randy BurkhalterEnterprise Products Partners LP - VP of IR* Mark HurleyEnterprise Products Partners LP - SVP, Crude Oil & Offshore* Lynn BourdonEnterprise Products Partners LP - SVP, Supply & Marketing* Rudy NixEnterprise Products Partners LP - SVP, NGL Distribution Services and Asset Optimization* Tom ZulimEnterprise Products Partners LP - SVP, Unregulated NGL Business* Tony ChovanecEnterprise Products Partners LP - VP, Fundamentals/Strategic Assessment* Jim CollingsworthEnterprise Products Partners LP - SVP, Regulated Pipelines & Gas Storage* Bill OrdemannEnterprise Products Partners LP - EVP, Engineering, Operations & EnvironmentalConference Call Participants* Brad OlsenTudor Pickering - Analyst* Darren HorowitzRaymond James - Analyst* Brian ZarahnBarclays Capital - Analyst* Stephen MarescaMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ted DurbinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* John TysselandCiti - Analyst* Yves SiegelCredit Suisse - Analyst* John EdwardsMorgan, Keegan & Company - Analyst* T.J. SchultzRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners fourth-quarter 2011 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 9499 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy BurkhalterEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP, IR* Mike CreelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Director, President & CEO* Jim TeagueEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Director, EVP & COO* Randy FowlerEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Director, EVP & CFO* Mark HurleyEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP, Crude Oil & Offshore* Jerry Cardillo&nbsp;Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP, Petrochemicals & Marine* Al MartinezEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP, Marketing & Supply* Rudy NixEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP, Distribution Services & Asset OptimizationConference Call Participants* Darren HorowitzRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* Brian ZarahnBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ross PayneWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Steve MarescaMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ted DurbinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Bradley OlsenTudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities - Analyst* T.J. SchultzRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* John EdwardsCredit Suisse - Analyst* Harry MateerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Michael BlumWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* John TysselandCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 8440 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy BurkhalterEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP, IR* Mike CreelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - President, CEO* Jim TeagueEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP, COO* Randy FowlerEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP, CFO* Robbie LeffelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP, Crude Oil* Rudy NixEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP, Distribution Services & Asset Optimization&nbsp;* Leonard MallettEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP, Engineering* Tony ChovanecEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP, Fundamentals / Strategic AssessmentConference Call Participants* Darren HorowitzRaymond James & Assoc. - Analyst* Brian ZarahnBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ted DurbinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* T.J. SchultzRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* John EdwardsCredit Suisse - Analyst* Michael BlumWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Bernie ColsonGlobal Hunter Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners third quarter 2012 earnings conference call.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Burkhalter. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.:
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 6812 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would like to welcome you to the EPP and DEP fourth quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to turn the call over to Randy Burkhalter. You may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the fourth quarter. Mike Creel, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call, followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Mr. Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, as well as other members of our senior management team. Afterward we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 6748 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you all for holding. I would like to remind parties that your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference call. The call is also being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to turn the call over to Randy Burkhalter. Thank you, Sir. You may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Holly. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the first quarter in 2008. Mike Creel, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, as well as other members of our senior management team. After the call we will open -- afterwards we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company well as assumptions made by and information currently
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 6895 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Burkhalter Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - Director of Investor Relations * Mike Creel Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - President and CEO * Randy Fowler Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - CFO * James Lytal Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP * Gil Radtke Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Jim Teague Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP * Dan Duncan Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - Founder and ChairmanConference Call Participants* Darren Horowitz Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Sharon Lui Wachovia - Analyst * Leo Larkin Standard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Noel Lerner Harts Capital - Analyst * Michael Blum Wachovia - Analyst * John Edwards Morgan Keegan & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Peter St. Denis Markson International - Analyst * Lewis Shammie Zimmer Lucas Partners - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you all for holding. I would like to remind parties that your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference call. The call is also being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to turn the call over to Randy Burkhalter. Thank you,
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 8977 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Burkhalter Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - Director, IR * Mike Creel Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - President, CEO * Randy Fowler Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP and CFO * Hank Bachmann Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - President and CEO, Duncan Energy Partners * Jim Teague Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP * Jim Cisarik Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Dan Duncan Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - Chairman * Chris Skoog Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP * Bill Ordemann Enterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP and COOConference Call Participants* Mark Reichman SMH Capital Inc. - Analyst * Michael Blum Wachovia Securities - Analyst * Darren Horowitz Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Sharon Lui Wachovia Securities - Analyst * Brian Zaran Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Xin Liu JPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst * John Edwards Morgan Keegan & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Lewis Shammie Zimmer Lucas Partners - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you all for standing by. This is the conference coordinator. All lines will be placed on listen-only until we're ready for the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would like to remind you that this call
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 8807 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you all for standing by. This is the conference coordinator. All lines will be placed on listen-only until we're ready for the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would like to remind you that this call is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your first speaker, Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you Laurie. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products conference call to discuss earnings for the second quarter (inaudible) 2008. Mike Creel, Enterprise's President and CEO will lead the call today followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO.Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder as well as other members of our senior management team. Also Hank Bachmann will lead the discussion on our Duncan Energy Partners earnings today. Afterward we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 7574 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy BurkhalterEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - VP, IR* Michael CreelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - CEO* A.J. TeagueEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - COO* W. Randall FowlerEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - EVP, CFO* Bill OrdemannEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP - Unregulated Liquids, Crude & Natural Gas Services* Lynn BourdonEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - Group SVP - NGL & Natural Gas Marketing, Petrochemicals & Marine&nbsp;* Tony ChovanecEnterprise Prodducts Partners L.P. - VP, Fundamentals and Strategic Assessment* Robbie LeffelEnterprise Products Partners L.P. - SVP, Crude OilConference Call Participants* Brian ZarahnBarclays Capital - Analyst* Darren HorowitzRaymond James - Analyst* Mark ReichmanSimmons & Company - Analyst* T.J. SchultzRBC Capital - Analyst* John EdwardsCredit Suisse - Analyst* Michael BlumWells Fargo - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Molly. I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would like to turn the call over to Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.Questions and AnswersRANDY BURKHALTER, VP, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Molly. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 9382 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners fourth-quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Director of Investor Relations, and sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners fourth-quarter conference call. Bob Phillips, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call today, followed by Mike Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and founder, as well as other members of our senior management team. Afterward we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21 E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 9896 wordsOPERATOR: (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect now. I would like to the conference over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Enterprise Products Partners' conference call to discuss earnings for the first quarter. Bob Phillips, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call, followed by Mike Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, as well as other members of our senior management team. Afterward we will open the call up for your questions.During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 6891 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in listen-only. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would like to inform participants that today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I'd also like to turn the call over to your conference host this morning, Mr. Randy Burkhalter.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the second quarter. Ralph Cunningham, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call, followed by Mike Creel, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from enterprise is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, as well as other members of our senior management team. Afterward we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;I'm sure most of you saw our recent press release announcing some key management changes at Enterprise. Congratulations go out to Ralph Cunningham for being named President and Chief Executive Officer of Enterprise GP Holdings, and to Mike Creel for being elected President and Chief Executive Officer of Enterprise Products Partners, and Randy Fowler, who will
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 4802 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, IR, ENTERPRISE GP HOLDINGS LP: Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise GP Holdings conference call to discuss earnings for the second quarter. Mike Creel, Enterprise GP Holdings' President and CEO will lead the call, followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also included on the call today are other members of our senior management team including Mr. Duncan. Afterward, we will open the call up for your questions.Before we start the call I'd like to mention that this will be Mike's last conference call to lead as CEO of Enterprise GP Holdings due to some recent management changes. Effective August 1, Dr. Ralph Cunningham will succeed Mike and will begin serving as President and CEO of Enterprise GP Holdings while Mike will begin his new role as President and CEO, Enterprise Products Partners. Randy Fowler will continue in his role as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 11202 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participates are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) Today's conference is recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.Now, I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR OF PR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Marsha. Good morning and welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners' conference call to discuss earnings for the third quarter. Mike Creel, Enterprise's President and CEO will lead the call, followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also with us today is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder as well as other members of our senior management team. Afterwards we will open the call up for your questions. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Ac of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	LENGTH: 2079 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you, everyone, for standing by. At this time, all parties are in a listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you do have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.Now, I'd like to turn the meeting over to Randy Burkhalter.RANDY BURKHALTER, IR CONTACT, ENTERPRISE GROUP HOLDINGS: Thank you, Paula. Good afternoon and welcome to the Enterprise GP Holdings conference call to discuss earnings for the third quarter of 2007. Dr. Ralph Cunningham, Enterprise GP Holdings' President and CEO, will lead the call, followed by Randy Fowler, the Partnership's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Mr. Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, as well as other members of our senior management team. Afterward, we will open the call up for your questions.&nbsp;During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21-E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise GP Holdings' management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 6181 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to your conference call today with David Myers with Express Scripts. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) The call is also being recorded for playback purposes. At this time, Mr. Myers, I will turn the conference over to you, and thank you for using Sprint Conferencing Service.DAVID MYERS, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you and welcome, everyone, to Express Scripts' fourth quarter 2003 conference call. With me today is Barrett Toan, Chairman and CEO; and George Paz, President and CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following statement.Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which we discuss in detail in our Company's SEC filings.&nbsp;In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be found on our earnings release, which is posted to our website.At this point I will turn the call
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7712 wordsOPERATOR: May I have your attention, please.I would like to welcome you to your Express Scripts conference call with David Myers.You are in listen- only until the question-and-answer session. This call is being recorded.Mr. Meyers, go ahead, and thank you for using Sprint Conferencing Services.DAVID MYERS, INVESTOR RELATIONS, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you and welcome everyone to Express Scripts's first quarter 2004 conference call. With me today are Barrett Toan, our Chairman and CEO; George Paz our president; and Ed Stiften, our CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties, the company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings.In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our web site.Now I will turn the
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7643 wordsOPERATOR: I'd like to thank everyone for holding and welcome to today's conference call with Mr. David Myers. Just to remind you, you are on a listen-only mode until further instructions when questions and answers will be opened up. Also you are -- this conference is being recorded for playback purposes.Mr. Myers, I'll turn the conference over to you and thank you for using Sprint Conferencing Services.DAVID MYERS, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to Express Scripts second quarter 2004 conference call. With me this morning are Barrett Toan, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and [Ed Stifton], our Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;Before I begin, we need to read the following: Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested. Any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail on our company's filings with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 8628 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - IR * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - CFO * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - CEOConference Call Participants* John Kreger William Blair - Analyst * Kemp Dolliver Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Charles Boorady Citigroup - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Glen Santangelo Credit Suisse - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ross Mucken Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Matt Perry Wachovia Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Express Scripts third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session.&nbsp;(OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.) As a reminder, this call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, David Myers. Please go ahead.DAVID MYERS, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our third-quarter 2008 conference call. With me this morning are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following statement.Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7252 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP of IR * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - CFO * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - Chairman, President & CEOConference Call Participants* Charles Boorady Citigroup - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Robert Willoughby BAS-ML - Analyst * John Kreger William Blair & Company - Analyst * Randall Stanicky Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * Glenn Garmont ThinkEquity LLC - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations David Myers. Please go ahead.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. With me today are George Paz, our CEO; and Jeff Hall, our CFO.Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7288 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP of IR * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - CFO, EVP * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - Chairman, President, CEOConference Call Participants* John Kreger William Blair - Analyst * Robert Willoughby BAS-ML - Analyst * Ricky Goldwasser UBS - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Randall Stanicky Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session with instructions being given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, VP of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. With me today on the call are George Paz, our CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following Safe Harbor Statement. Statements or comments made to this
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 13293 wordsCorporate Participants* David MyerExpress Scripts Holding Co - VP, IR* George PazExpress Scripts Holding Co - Chairman and CEO* Matt HarperExpress Scripts Holding Co - Interim CFO* Tim WentworthExpress Scripts Holding Co - SVP and President, Sales and Account ManagementConference Call Participants* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan - Analyst&nbsp;* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Glen SantangeloCredit Suisse - Analyst* Bob WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Robert JonesGoldman Sachs - Analyst* John KregerWilliam Blair - Analyst* Charles RhyeeCowen and Company - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - Analyst* Michael BakerRaymond James - Analyst* Anthony VendettiMaxim Group - Analyst* David LarsonLeerink Swann - Analyst* Peter CostaWells Fargo Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Express Scripts, second quarter 2013, earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead.DAVID MYER, VP, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING CO: Thank you and good
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7131 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts fourth-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call. With me today are George Paz, our President and CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO.Before we begin I need to read the followings statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and they include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks on uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which is discussed in detail and our 10-K filing which was filed last night.&nbsp;In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7203 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Kate, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts first quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I will now turn the call over to Mr. David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference, sir.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, operator. And thank you, everyone, for joining us on our call today. With me today are George Paz, our President and CEO, and Ed Stiften our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in the Company's SEC filings. In addition,
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7391 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts second quarter earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.DAVID MYERS, VP, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. With me this morning are George Paz, our President and CEO and Chairman; and Ed Stiften, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following statement.Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our files with the SEC. In addition the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website. At this moment I'll turn the call over to
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7304 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Nicole, and I will be your conference Operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts third quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to our third quarter 2006 conference call.&nbsp;With me this morning is George Paz, our President and CEO; and Ed Stiften, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following: statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 4244 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is [Nicole], and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts 2007 earnings guidance conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I will now turn the call over to Mr. David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.DAVID MYERS, VP IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our 2007 earnings guidance conference call with me today are George Paz, our President and CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO.Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements. They may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These and others involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filing with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA, the net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found on our website
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 6467 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Express Scripts' second-quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I will now turn the call over to David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, and welcome, everyone, to our second-quarter conference call. With me today are George Paz, our President and CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements, and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7910 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP, IR * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - CFO * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - CEOConference Call Participants* Tom Gallucci Express Scripts, Inc. - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Bank of America - Analyst * Ricky Goldwasser Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsch Bank - Analyst * Steve Kent - Analyst * Steve Valiquette UBS - Analyst * Garen Sarafian Citi - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Express Scripts, third quarter 2010 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now, that being said, I will turn the conference now to the vice-president of investor relations, Mr. David Myers.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. With me today are George Paz, our chairman and CEO and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following Safe Harbor Statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 6446 wordsOPERATOR: May I have your attention, please? I'd like to welcome you to your conference call with David Myers of Express Scripts. I remind everybody, this call is in listen only until the question-and-answer session and this call is being recorded. Thank you for using Sprint Conferencing. Go ahead, Mr. Myers.DAVID MYERS, IR CONTACT, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you and welcome, everyone, to Express Scripts' third-quarter 2004 conference call. With me today are Barrett Toan, Chairman and CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO.Before we begin, I need to read the following statement -- statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In addition, a reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 4116 wordsOPERATOR: I would like to welcome you to your conference call today with David Myers of Express Scripts. Mr. Myers, I will turn the call over to you and remind everybody you are in listen-only until the question-and-answer session. And this call is being recorded.DAVID MYERS, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Express Scripts' conference call to discuss our 2005 earnings guidance. With me today are Barrett Toan, our Chairman and CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following statement.Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements, and may, include but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actually results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC.&nbsp;Now I would like to turn the call over to Ed Stiften to discuss our 2005 guidance.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you, David. 3 weeks ago we released third-quarter earnings and announced at that time
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 6441 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning.At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts fourth quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]I would now like to turn the conference over to David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may proceed.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you and welcome everyone to Express Scripts' fourth quarter conference call. With me today are Barrett Toan, Chairman and CEO, George Paz, President, and Ed Stiften, our CFO.Before we begin I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking and may include, but are not limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties; the company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to factors which are discussed in detail in our company's filings with the SEC. In addition a reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and net cash provided by operating activities
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 6973 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Judy and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts' first quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions).I will now to turn the conference over to Mr. David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.DAVID MYERS, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to Express Scripts' first quarter earnings call. I am David Myers and with me today are George Paz, President and CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties; the Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7480 wordsCorporate Participants* David MyersExpress Scripts Holding Co - VP of IR* Jeff HallExpress Scripts Holding Co - EVP & CFO* George PazExpress Scripts Holding Co - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants* Glen SantangeloCredit Suisse - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Bob WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Larry Marsh&nbsp;Barclays Capital - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Robert JonesGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Express Scripts first-quarter 2012 earnings call. For the conference, all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for your questions. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded.With that being said, I'll turn the conference now to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING CO: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first-quarter call. With me today are George Paz, our CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO.Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor Statement. Statements or comments made on this
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7324 wordsOPERATOR: [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts third-quarter earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to turn the conference over to David Myers, Vice-President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DAVID MYERS, VP IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, operator, good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter conference call.With me today are George Paz, our President and CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following statement:&nbsp;Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities, can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 6822 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts 2006 guidance conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] At this time I would now like to turn the conference call over to David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin your conference.DAVID MYERS, VP, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you. And welcome everyone to our 2006 earnings guidance conference call. With me today are George Paz, President and CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following--statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties, the Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, a reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. I am now going to turn the call over
Express Scripts	FinalCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP IR * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - Chairman, President & CEO * Jeffrey Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Charles Boorady Citi - Analyst * Lisa Gill JP Morgan - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Randall Stanicky Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Banc of America - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ricky Goldwasser Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Glenn Garmont Thinkequity, LLC - Analyst * Steve Valiquette UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to the Express Scripts fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. At this time all participants lines are in a listen-only mode and later there will be an opportunity for your questions. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder today's conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;I'd now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations David Myers. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our call. With me today are George Paz our CEO and Jeff Hall our CFO.Before we begin I
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7197 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP-IR * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - CFO & EVP * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - Chairman, President & CEOConference Call Participants* Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Bob Willoughby BAS-ML - Analyst * John Kreger William Blair & Company - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Ricky Goldwasser Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;I'd now like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, David Myers.DAVID MYERS, VP-IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. With me today are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements, may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 8957 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP of IR * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - CFO * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - Chairman and CEOConference Call Participants* Lisa Gill JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Robert Willoughby BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Glen Santangelo Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ann Hynes Caris & Company - Analyst * John Kreger William Blair & Company - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Lawrence Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * Randall Stanicky Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Darren Surasyan Citigroup. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the second quarter 2010 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, and welcome everyone to our second quarter conference call. With
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 8702 wordsCorporate Participants* George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - Chairman, President and CEO * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - CFO, EVP * David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP of IRConference Call Participants* Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Steven Valiquette UBS - Analyst * Ricky Goldwasser Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Glen Santangelo Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert Willoughby BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan Chase & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Express Scripts fourth quarter 2010 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. With me today are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 8721 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP of IR * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - CFO * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants* Robert Willoughby BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Steven Valiquette UBS - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsche Bank - Analyst * John Kreger William Blair & Company - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Kemp Dolliver Avondale Partners - Analyst * Ricky Goldwasser Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - Analyst * George Hill Citigroup - Analyst * Glen Santangelo Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, Operator, and good morning,
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7319 wordsCorporate Participants* David MyersExpress Scripts, Inc. - VP of IR* Jeff HallExpress Scripts, Inc. - CFO* George PazExpress Scripts, Inc. - Chairman and CEOConference Call Participants* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Glen SantangeloCredit Suisse - Analyst* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Robert JonesGoldman Sachs - Analyst&nbsp;* Robert WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* John KregerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* George HillCitigroup - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the fourth quarter 2012 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instruction will be given at that time.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, VP of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you operator, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are George Paz, Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO.Before we begin I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include financial projections or other statements with
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7435 wordsCorporate Participants* David MyersExpress Scripts Holding Co - VP of IR* Jeff HallExpress Scripts Holding Co - CFO* George PazExpress Scripts Holding Co - CEOConference Call Participants* Tom GalucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* George HillCitigroup - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst&nbsp;* Jeff BailinExpress Scripts Holding Co - Analyst* Robert WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Robert JonesGoldman Sachs - Analyst* John KregerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Charles RhyeeCowen and Company - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Express Scripts first-quarter 2013 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING CO: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. With me today are George Paz, our CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7621 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP IR * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - CFO * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - CEOConference Call Participants* John Kreger William Blair - Analyst * Charles Boorady Citigroup - Analyst * Brian Tanquilut Jefferies & Co - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Banc of America - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Glen Santangelo Credit Suisse - Analyst * Larry Marsh Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Mike Minchak JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all phone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. With that being said, I would now like to introduce your opening speaker for today, Vice President of Investor Relations, David Myers. Please go ahead.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, and welcome to our 2008 second quarter 2008 conference call. With me today, are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7534 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all phone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. With that being said, I would now like to introduce your opening speaker for today, Vice President of Investor Relations, David Myers. Please go ahead.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, and welcome to our 2008 second quarter 2008 conference call. With me today, are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking, and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 6524 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP IR * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - EVP, CFO * George Pazx Express Scripts, Inc. - Chairman, President, CEOConference Call Participants* Charles Boorady Citi - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital - Analyst * John Kreger William Blair - Analyst * Robert Willoughby BAS-ML - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Randall Stanicky Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Larry Marsh Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Express Scripts second quarter 2009 earnings call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call today. With me are George Paz, our CEO; and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following statement.Statements or comments made on this
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7279 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP of IR * Jeff Hall Express Scripts, Inc. - EVP and CFO, Finance * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - Chairman, CEOConference Call Participants* Charles Boorady Citi - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Randall Stanicky Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John Kreger William Blair - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Bank of America - Analyst * Lisa Gill JP Morgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Express Scripts third quarter 2009 earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time.&nbsp;(Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. With me today are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO; and Jeff Hall, our CFO.Before we begin I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7259 wordsCorporate Participants* David MyersExpress Scripts Inc - VP, IR* Jeff HallExpress Scripts Inc - CFO* George PazExpress Scripts Inc - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants* Lisa GillJPMorgan - Analyst* Larry MarshBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Robert WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Ross MukenDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Steve ValiquetteUBS - Analyst* John KregerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Charles RhyeeOppenheimer & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the third-quarter 2011 earnings call. At this time, all participates are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions, with instructions being given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS INC: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me today are George Paz, Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO.Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements, and may include, but are not necessarily limited to,
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7458 wordsCorporate Participants* David MyersExpress Scripts Inc - VP of IR* Jeff HallExpress Scripts Inc - CFO* George PazExpress Scripts Inc - Chairman and CEOConference Call Participants* Lisa GillJPMorgan - Analyst* Larry MarshBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Robert WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Unidentified SpeakerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - Analyst* John KregerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Charles RhyeeCowen and Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Express Scripts fourth quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS INC: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. With me today is George Paz, Chairman and CEO; and Jeff Hall, CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this call today may be
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7600 wordsCorporate Participants* David MyersExpress Scripts Holding Co - VP of IR* Jeff HallExpress Scripts Holding Co - CFO, EVP* George PazExpress Scripts Holding Co - Chairman, President and CEOConference Call Participants* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Larry MarshBarclays Capital - Analyst* Glen SantangeloCredit Suisse - Analyst* Lisa Gill&nbsp;JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Robert WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* John KregerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Charles RhyeeCowen and Company - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And, welcome to Express Scripts second quarter 2012 earnings call. At this time, all phone participants are in a listen-only mode.Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions. Instructions will be given at that time.(Operator Instructions)And, as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, David Myers. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING CO: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. With me today are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 8164 wordsCorporate Participants* David MyersExpress Scripts Holding Co - VP, IR* Jeff HallExpress Scripts Holding Co - CFO* George PazExpress Scripts Holding Co - Chairman and CEOConference Call Participants* Tom GallucciLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Glen SantangeloCredit Suisse - Analyst* Robert WilloughbyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;* Robert JonesGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Bret JonesOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - Analyst* Charles RhyeeCowen and Company - Analyst* Ross MukenISI Group - Analyst* Ann HynesMizuho Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Express Scripts third-quarter 2012 earnings call. For the conference all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for your questions, instructions will be given at that time.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.With that being said, I'll turn the conference now over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING CO: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. With me today are George Paz, Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO.Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 6853 wordsCorporate Participants* David Myers Express Scripts, Inc. - VP of IR * Ed Stiften Express Scripts, Inc. - SVP & CFO * George Paz Express Scripts, Inc. - Chairman, President & CEOConference Call Participants* Tom Gallucci Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Charles Boorady Citigroup - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Art Henderson Jefferies and Company - Analyst * Randall Stanicky Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Larry Marsh Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Ross Muken Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Brandon Henry UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for questions and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I will now turn the conference over to David Myers, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are George Paz, our
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 6751 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for questions and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I will now turn the conference over to David Myers, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are George Paz, our CEO; and Ed Stiften, our CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The condition's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7304 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for standing by and welcome to the first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answers section, instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Dave Myers. Please go ahead sir.DAVE MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you operator and good morning everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2008 conference call. With me this morning are George Paz, our CEO and Jeff Hall, our new CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are dicussed in detail in our SEC filing.&nbsp;In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7403 wordsCorporate Participants* Jeff Hall Express Scripts - CFO * George Paz Express Scripts - President, Chairman, and CEO * Dave Myers Express Scripts - VP of IRConference Call Participants* Glenn Garmont Broadpoint Capital - Analyst * Unidentified Participant Citigroup - Analyst * Glen Santangelo Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert Willoughby Bank of America - Analyst * Larry Marsh Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Tom Gallucci Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Lisa Gill JPMorgan - Analyst * Ricky Goldwasser UBS Warburg - Analyst * John Kreger William Blair & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for standing by and welcome to the first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answers section, instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Dave Myers. Please go ahead sir.DAVE MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you operator and good morning everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2008 conference call. With me this morning are George Paz, our CEO and Jeff
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 10404 wordsCorporate Participants* David MyersExpress Scripts Holding Company - VP of IR* George PazExpress Scripts Holding Company - Chairman and CEO* Matt HarperExpress Scripts Holding Company - Interim CFO* Steve MillerExpress Scripts Holding Company - Chief Medical Officer* Tim WentworthExpress Scripts Holding Company - SVP & President of Sales & Account ManagementConference Call Participants* Glen Santangelo&nbsp;Credit Suisse - Analyst* Robert JonesGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Lisa GillJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Elizabeth BlakeBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Tom GallucciFBR Capital Markets - Analyst* Ricky GoldwasserMorgan Stanley - Analyst* John KregerWilliam Blair & Company - Analyst* Charles RhyeeCowen and Company - Analyst* Steven ValiquetteUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the third-quarter 2013 earnings call.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to our host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP OF IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING COMPANY: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third-quarter conference call. With me today are George Paz, Chairman and CEO; Matt Harper, our Interim CFO; Dr. Steve Miller, our Chief Medical Officer; and other members of senior management.Before
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7649 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Casey, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts fourth quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Thank you.I will now turn the call over to David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.DAVID MYERS, VP, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, operator. And welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter 2006 conference call. With me this morning is George Paz, our President and CEO and Ed Stiften, our CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I need to read the following. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements, and may include but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties.The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC.In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 5664 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Express Scripts first quarter earnings release conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. David Myers, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.DAVID MYERS, VP, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2007 conference call. With me this morning is George Paz our CEO; and Ed Stiften our CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following--statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release post odd our website at www.express-scripts.com. Now I will turn the call over
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 6872 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Express Scripts second earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead.&nbsp;DAVID MYERS, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC: Thank you, operator and good morning everyone And welcome to Express Scripts second quarter conference call. With me today are George Paz, our CEO, and Ed Stiften, our CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and they include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filing with the SEC. In addition the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 7540 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Express Scripts third quarter 2007 earnings release. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Please go ahead.DAVID MYERS, VP, IR, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you and welcome, everyone, to Express Scripts third quarter conference call. With me today, George Paz our CEO and Chairman; and Ed Stiften our CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following statement.&nbsp;Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the
Express Scripts	LENGTH: 3727 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. We appreciate your patience today. Welcome to the Express Scripts 2008 guidance conference call. At this point and during management's prepared remarks we do have all of your phone lines muted, or in a listen-only listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) And as a reminder, today's call is being recordedWith us today we have Express Scripts Chief Executive Officer, Mr. George Paz, Chief Financial Officer, Ed Stiften and here with our opening remarks is Vice-President of Investor Relations, Mr. David Myers. Good morning sir, and please go ahead.DAVID MYERS, VICE PRESIDENT INVESTOR RELATIONS, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, Operator and thank you for joining us on this morning's call.&nbsp;Before we begin, I need read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to variety of factors which are discussed in our SEC filings. In addition, a reconciliation of
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12884 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mike, and I'll be your coordinator for today's event. During the conference, all lines will be in a listen-only mode with an opportunity to ask questions at the end. I would also like to remind you that this conference is being recorded. If you require assistance at any time, please key star, followed by a zero on a touchtone phone, and a coordinator will be happy to assist you.I would now like to hand the presentation over to Barbara Gasper, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may now begin.BARBARA GASPER, VP, IR, FORD MOTOR CO.: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. As usual, with me on the call this morning are Don Leclair, our Chief Financial Officer, and Jim Gouin, Ford's Vice President and Controller. Additionally, we are pleased that Bill Ford is able to join us for the start of the call this morning with some opening comments. Also here in the room are Lloyd Hansen, Vice President of Revenue Management; Patricia Little, our Director of Accounting; Anne Marie Petak,
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 8470 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Ford Motor Company Fixed Income conference call. My name is Rachel, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answer session towards the end of today's conference. If at any time during the call you do require assistance please press star, followed by zero, and a coordinator will be happy to assist you. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.And I would now like to hand the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Dan Gardetto, Manager of Fixed Income Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.DAN GARDETTO, INVESTOR RELATIONS, FORD MOTORS: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Before I hand the call over to Mac MacDonald, Ford Vice President and Treasurer, I'd like to cover a couple of quick items. First, you can get copies of the slides we'll be using this morning at the Ford Motor Company Investor web site. I'd also like to point out that the financial results presented here are all on a GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 13446 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carol, and I'll be your coordinator for today. (Operator instructions) I would now like to hand the presentation over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, VP of Investor Relations. You may now begin.BARBARA GASPER, VP, IR, FORD MOTOR CO.: Thank you, Carol. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. With me here this morning on the call are Don Leclair, our CFO, and Matt McDonald, Ford's treasurer, is also on the line. Additionally, here in the room today are Lloyd Hansen, VP of Revenue Management; Patricia Little, our Director of Accounting; and David Cosper, Ford Credit's CFO.Before we begin, I'd like to review a couple of quick items. First, copies of this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using here today have been posted on the Ford Motor Company Investor and Media websites for your reference.&nbsp;I would also point out that the financial results presented here are all on a GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on the call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix to
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 14100 wordsCorporate Participants* Bill Agne Ford Motor Company - Director of IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President and CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Comopany - EVP and CFO * Neil Schloss Ford Motor Company - VP and Treasurer * K.R. Kent Ford Motor Credit - CFOConference Call Participants* John Murphy BAS-ML - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Bryce Hoffman The Detroit News - Media * Jeff Bennett Dow Jones - Media * Tom Krisher Associated Press - Media * Amy Wilson Automotive News - Media * Robert Schoenberger The Plain Dealer - Media * David Bailey Reuters - Media * David Kiley BusinessWeek Magazine - Media * Joann Muller Forbes Magazine - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company fourth-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this presentation. (Operator Instructions).
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 13306 wordsCorporate Participants* Bill Agne Ford Motor Company - IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President & CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Company - EVP & CFO * Peter Daniel Ford Motor Company - SVP & Controller * K.R. Kent Ford Motor Company - CFO, Ford CreditConference Call Participants* John Murphy Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bryce Hoffman Detroit News - Media * Jeff Bennett Dow Jones - Media * Brent Snavely Detroit Free Press - Media * Joe Szczesny Oakland Press - Media * Amy Wilson Automotive News - Media * Eric Mayne WardsAuto.com * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Ford Motor Company first quarter earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12489 wordsCorporate Participants* George SharpFord Motor Company - Executive Director IR* Alan MulallyFord Motor Company - President, CEO* Bob ShanksFord Motor Company - EVP, CFO* Mark FieldsFord Motor Company - COOConference Call Participants* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* John Murphy&nbsp;BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Matt StoverGuggenheim Securities - Analyst* Craig TrudellBloomberg News - Media* Vipal MongaThe Wall Street Journal - Media* Deepa SeetharamanReuters - Media* Nathan BomeyDetroit Free Press - Media* Mike RamseyThe Wall Street Journal - Media* Karl HenkelThe Detroit News - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Great day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second-quarter Ford Motor Company earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Mr. George Sharp, Executive Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.GEORGE SHARP, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina,
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 5551 wordsCorporate Participants* Molly TrippFord Motor Company - Manager, Fixed Income IR* Michael SeneskiFord Motor Company - Ford Credit CFO* Neil SchlossFord Motor Company - VP and Treasurer* Stuart RowleyFord Motor Company - VP and ControllerConference Call Participants* Doug KarsonBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Joe SpakRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Eric Selle&nbsp;JPMorgan - Analyst* Brian JacobyGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second-quarter Fixed Income conference call. My name is Shequana and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions).I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Molly Tripp, Manager, Fixed Income Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.MOLLY TRIPP, MANAGER, FIXED INCOME IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Good morning. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me today are Michael Seneski, Ford Credit Chief Financial Officer; Neil Schloss, Ford Corporate Treasurer; and Stuart Rowley, Ford Corporate
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 23604 wordsBARBARA GASPER, VP IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to either those of you who are here with us in Dearborn or those who are joining us via the telephone or the webcast. I am Barbara Gasper, Vice President of Investor Relations for Ford Motor Company and on behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning, especially those of you who traveled to be here today in person.We will first provide a review of our 2005 financial results and then later this morning, we will present our business outlook, including the details of the &quot;Way Forward&quot; plan. Copies of this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using in this first presentation have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference. The materials for our business outlook presentation will be available shortly before that presentation begins at 10.30.In just a minute, Don Leclair, our Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth-quarter and full year 2005 financial results. Other members of the management team here in the room this morning are Jim Gouin, Controller; Ann Marie
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12121 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company first-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Cindy and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be conducting a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to turn the presentation over to [Diane Patton], Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.DIANE PATTON, MANAGING DIRECTOR-IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, operator. Good morning to all of you joining us either by phone or by the Internet. On the conference call this morning are Bill Ford, Ford's chairman and CEO, Don Leclair, our Chief Financial Officer, and Mark Fields, President of the Americas. Additionally here in the room are Jim Gouin, Vice President and Controller; Ann Marie Petach, Vice President and Treasurer, [Mark Hassen], our Director of Accounting, and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to review a couple of quick items. First, copies of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference.I'd also point out the financial
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 13465 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Ford Motor Company second-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Carlo and I will be your coordinator for today's presentation.At this time, all of our participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's prepared remarks. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to turn this presentation over to your host for today's conference, [Diane Patton], Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.DIANE PATTON, DIRECTOR-IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Carlo. Good morning to all of you joining us either by phone or by the Internet. On the conference call with me this morning are Bill Ford, Ford's Chairman and CEO; Don Leclair, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Fields, President in Americas. Additionally here in the room are Jim Gouin, Vice President and controller; Ann Marie Petach, Vice President and Treasurer; [Mark Kozman], Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to review a couple quick items. First, copies of this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 15270 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company Third Quarter earnings conference call. My name is Michelle and I will be your audio coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's presentation. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Diane Patton, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.DIANE PATTON, DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO; Don Leclair, Chief Financial Officer; Mark Fields, President of the Americas; and Mark Schulz, President of International Operations. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President and Controller; Ann Marie Petach, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 10257 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Ford Motor Company second-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Rachel and I'll be your coordinator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be conducting a question-and-answer session following today's prepared remarks. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to hand the presentation over to Barbara Gasper, Vice President of Investor Relations.BARBARA GASPER, VP IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Rachel. Good morning to everyone and thank you for joining us. On the conference call this morning are Don Leclair, Ford's Chief Financial Officer; Jim Gouin, Vice President and Controller and Ann Marie Petach, our Vice President and Treasurer. Additionally, here in the room are Dave Cosper, Ford Credit's CFO and Patricia Little, our Director of Accounting.&nbsp;Before we begin, I'd like to review a couple of quick items. First, copies of this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using here today have been posted on the Ford Motor Company investor and media websites for your reference. I would also point out that the financial
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 6299 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company fixed income conference call. My name is Rachel and I will be your coordinator today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be conducting a question-and-answer session following today's prepared remarks. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to hand the presentation over to Robert Moeller, Fixed Income Investor Relations Manager. Please proceed, sir.ROBERT MOELLER, FIXED INCOME IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Our speakers are Jim Gouin, Ford Vice President and Controller; Dave Cosper, Ford Credit Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Ann Marie Petack, Ford Vice President and Treasurer. We do have some other members of management that are joining us for the call including K. R. Tent (ph), Assistant Treasurer; Neil Spas (ph), Assistant Treasurer; Trisha Little (ph), Accounting Director; and Paul Lewis (ph), Director of Corporate Finance.Before I hand the call over to Jim, I would like to review a couple of quick items. First you can get copies of the slides we will be using
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12533 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Ford Motor Company third-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Rachel and I will be your coordinator today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be taking questions following today's presentation. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Barbara Gasper, Vice President of Investor Relations.BARBARA GASPER, VP OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you operator. And good morning to all of you joining us this morning either by phone or by the Internet. On the conference call with me this morning are Bill Ford, Ford's Chairman and CEO along with Don Leclair, our Chief Financial Officer. Additionally here in the room are Jim Gouin, Vice President and Controller; and Marie Petach, Vice President and Treasurer; Patricia Little, our Director of Accounting; and Dave Cosper, Ford Credit's CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to review a couple of quick items. First, copies of this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that we be using here today have been posted
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 8470 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Ford Motor Company's fixed income conference call. My name is Rachel and I will be your coordinator today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session toward the end of today's presentation. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Rob Moeller, Fixed Income Investor Relations Manager. Please proceed, sir.ROB MOELLER, FIXED INCOME IR MANAGER, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Rachel. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Our speakers are Jim Gouin, Ford Vice President and Controller; Dave Cosper, Ford Credit Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Ann Marie Petach, Ford Vice President and Treasurer. We do have some other members of management that are joining us for the call including, K.R. Kent (ph), Assistant Treasurer; Neil Schloss, Assistant Treasurer, Patricia Little (ph), Accounting Director; and Paul Lewis, Director of Corporate Finance.&nbsp;Before I hand the call over to Jim, I would like to review a couple of quick items. First, you can get copies
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 13302 wordsCorporate Participants* Brian Harris Ford Motor Company - Director, IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President & CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Company - EVP & CFO * KR Kent Ford Motor Company - Chairman, CFO & Treasurer, Ford CreditConference Call Participants* Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Joe Amaturo Buckingham Research Group - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Adam Jonas Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Murphy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Colin Langan UBS - Analyst * Keith Knaughton Bloomberg News - Media * Brent Snavely Detroit Free Press - Media * Chris Woodyard USA Today - Media * John McElroy Autoline Detroit - Media * Matthias Ruch Financial Times Germany - Media * Alisa Priddle Detroit News - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company third-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Steve and I will be your operator for today.&nbsp;At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be conducting a question-and-answer session towards the end
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 11028 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Ford Motor Company Third Quarter Earnings conference call. My name is Carol, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will take your questions towards the end of today's presentation. If at any time during the call you require assistance please press star, followed by zero and a coordinator will be happy to assist you. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to hand the presentation over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.BARBARA GASPER, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, F: Thank you, Carol.&nbsp;Good morning, and thank you all for joining us, either by phone or on the webcast. With me on the call this morning is Don Leclair, our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Gouin, Controller, and Mac Macdonald, Ford's Treasurer. Additionally, here in the room with us are Lloyd Hansen, Vice President of Revenue Management, [Ann Marie Petak] [ph], who has just been named as Ford's Treasurer effective November the 1st, Patricia Little, our Director of Accounting, and Dave Cosper, Ford Credit's CFO.Before we
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12384 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Ford Motor company fourth quarter earnings conference call. My name is Carlo and I will be your coordinator for today's presentation. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session during today's conference. If at any time during this call you require assistance, feel free to press star zero and a coordinator will be happy to assist you. I would now like to hand the presentation over to Miss Barbara Gasper, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed ma'am.BARBARA GASPAR, VICE PRESIDENT INVESTOR RELATIONS, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Carlo. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us this morning either by phone or on the Webcast.Along with me on the call this morning is Don Leclair, our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Gouin, our Controller, and Ann Marie Petach, Fords' Treasurer. Additionally here in the room with us are Lloyd Hansen, Vice President of Revenue Management, Mac MacDonald, Vice President Finance, Patricia Little, our Director of Accounting, and Dave Cosper, Ford Credit CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I'd like to review a couple of quick items. First, copies of this morning's
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12867 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company first-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Carlo and I will be your coordinator for today's presentation. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be conducting a question-and-answer session during this conference period, first from analysts and then from members of the media. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Barbara Gaspar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.BARBARA GASPAR, VP OF IR, FORD: Thank you, Carlo. Good morning to everyone on the line and thank you for joining us. Along with me on the call this morning we have Bill Ford, our Chairman and CEO; along with Don Leclair, Ford's Chief Financial Officer. Additionally here in the room are Jim Gouin, Vice President and Controller; Ann Marie Petack, Vice President and Treasurer: Patricia Little (ph), our Director of Accounting; and Dave Cosper, Ford Credit's CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I'd like to review a couple of quick items. First, copies of this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using here today have been posted on
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 8205 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company Fixed Income conference call. My name is Rachel and I will be your coordinator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Robert Moeller, Fixed Income Relations Manager. Please proceed, sir.ROBERT MOELLER, IR MANAGER, FORD MOTOR CO: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. Our speakers are Jim Gouin, Ford Vice President and Controller; Dave Cosper, Ford's Credit Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Ann Marie Petack, Ford Vice President and Treasurer. Additionally here in the room we have Neil Schloss, Assistant Treasurer; Patricia Little (ph), Accounting Director; and Paul Lewis, Director of Corporate Finance. Before I hand the call over to Jim, I would like to review a couple of quick items.&nbsp;First, you can get copies and slides we will be using this morning at the Ford Motor Company investor website. I would also point out that the
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 13150 wordsCorporate Participants* K.R. Kent Ford Motor Company - Executive Director IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President, CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Company - EVP, CFO * Mike Seneski Ford Motor Company - Ford Credit CFO * Bob Shanks Ford Motor Company - VP, ControllerConference Call Participants* Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Adam Jonas Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Murphy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Seth Weber RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Peter Nesvold Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Colin Langan UBS - Analyst * Dee-Ann Durbin The Associated Press - Media * Greg Gardner Detroit Free Press - Media * Chris Woodyard USA TODAY - Media * Jennifer Keiper FOX News Radio - Media * Jamie LaReau Automotive News - Media * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Rod Lache Deustche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company's second-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Crystal and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 11913 wordsCorporate Participants* George SharpFord Motor Company - Executive Director, IR* Alan MulallyFord Motor Company - President and CEO* Bob ShanksFord Motor Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Peter NesvoldJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst* Joseph SpakRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Tom KrisherThe Associated Press - Media* Keith NaughtonBloomberg - Media* Chris IsidoreCNN Money - Media* Dee-Ann DurbinThe Associated Press - Media* Joann MullerForbes - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford's first-quarter earnings conference call hosted by George Sharp. My name is Sue and I am your event manager. During the presentation, your lines will remain on listen only. (Operator Instructions). I would like to advise all parties this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.Now I would like to hand over to George. Thank you.GEORGE SHARP, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team,
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 13062 wordsCorporate Participants* George SharpFord Motor Company - Executive Director of IR* Alan MulallyFord Motor Company - President and CEO* Bob ShanksFord Motor Company - EVP and CFO* Mike SeneskiFord Motor Credit Company - Treasurer and CFOConference Call Participants* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Matt Stover&nbsp;Guggenheim Securities - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - Analyst* Ryan BrinkmanJPMorgan - Analyst* Dee-Ann DurbinThe Associated Press - Media* Karl HenkelDetroit News - Media* Keith NaughtonBloomberg News - Media* Matthias RuchFinancial Times - Media* Nathan BomeyDetroit Free Press - Media* Mike RamseyThe Wall Street Journal - Media* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Great day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the second-quarter Ford Motor Company earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. George Sharp, Executive Director of
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12301 wordsCorporate Participants* Brian Harris Ford Motor Company - IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President, CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Joe Amaturo Buckingham Research - Analyst * John Murphy BoA-ML - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tim Denoyer Wolfe Trahan - Analyst * Colin Langan UBS - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Bryce Hoffman The Detroit News - Media * Jeff Bennett The Wall Street Journal - Media * Tom Walsh The Detroit Free Press - Media * Dee-Ann Durbin The Associated Press - Media * Robert Schoenberger The Plain Dealer - Media * Brent Snavely The Detroit Free Press - Media * Jere Downs The Louisville Courier-Journal - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Great day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter Ford Motor Company earnings conference call. My name is Katena and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12301 wordsCorporate Participants* Brian Harris Ford Motor Company - IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President, CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Company - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Joe Amaturo Buckingham Research - Analyst * John Murphy BoA-ML - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tim Denoyer Wolfe Trahan - Analyst * Colin Langan UBS - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Bryce Hoffman The Detroit News - Media * Jeff Bennett The Wall Street Journal - Media * Tom Walsh The Detroit Free Press - Media * Dee-Ann Durbin The Associated Press - Media * Robert Schoenberger The Plain Dealer - Media * Brent Snavely The Detroit Free Press - Media * Jere Downs The Louisville Courier-Journal - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Great day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter Ford Motor Company earnings conference call. My name is Katena and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 11845 wordsCorporate Participants* Brian Harris Ford Motor Company - Director IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President, CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Company - EVP, CFO * K.R. Kent Ford Motor Company - Ford Credit Vice Chairman, CFOConference Call Participants* Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Murphy BoA-ML - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Steve Dyer Craig-Hallum Capital - Analyst * Colin Langan UBS - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Dee-Ann Durbin Associated Press - Media * Keith Naughton Bloomberg - Media * Brent Snavely Detroit Free Press - Media * Bernie Woodall Reuters - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company second-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Tawanda, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Brian Harris, Director of
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 14007 wordsCorporate Participants* K.R. Kent Ford Motor Company - Executive Director IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President, CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Company - EVP, CFO * Mike Seneski Ford Motor Company - Ford Credit CFOConference Call Participants* Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Murphy BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Adam Jonas Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Dee-Ann Durbin The Associated Press - Media * Tom Walsh Detroit Free Press - Media * Robert Schoenberger The Plain Dealer - Media * Brent Snavely Detroit Free Press - Media * Phil LeBeau CNBC - Media * Alisa Priddle The Detroit News - Media * Chris Isidore CNNMoney.com - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Great day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company fourth-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12277 wordsCorporate Participants* K.R. Kent Ford Motor Company - Executive Director of IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President and CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Company - EVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Colin Langan UBS - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tim Denoyer Wolfe Trahan - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Dee-Ann Durbin Associated Press - Media * Greg Gardner Detroit Free Press - Media * Jeff Bennett Wall Street Journal - Media * Keith Naughton Bloomberg - Media * Ben Klayman Reuters - Media * Alisa Priddle Detroit News - Media * Adam Jonas Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company first-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Tawanda and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will facilitate a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to hand the
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12466 wordsCorporate Participants* George SharpFord Motor Company - Executive Director, IR* Alan MulallyFord Motor Company - President & CEO* Bob ShanksFord Motor Company - EVP & CFO* Stephen OdellFord Motor Company - EVP & President, Europe, Middle East & AfricaConference Call Participants* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* John MurphyBank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Emmanuel RosnerCLSA - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Ryan BrinkmanJPMorgan Chase - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Mike RamseyWall Street Journal - Media* Craig TrudellBloomberg News - Media* Karl HenkelDetroit News - Media* Veronique DupontAFP - Media* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Ford fourth-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Darcel and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. George Sharp, Executive Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.GEORGE SHARP, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you very much, Darcel and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12743 wordsCorporate Participants* George SharpFord Motor Company - Executive Director of IR* Alan MulallyFord Motor Company - President, CEO* Bob ShanksFord Motor Company - EVP, CFO* Mike SeneskiFord Motor Company - Vice Chairman, CFO of Ford Motor Credit* Stephen OdellFord Motor Company - EVP, President of EMEA* Mark FieldsFord Motor Company - COO&nbsp;* Jim FarleyFord Motor Company - EVP, Global Marketing, Sales and Service and LincolnConference Call Participants* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays - Analyst* Matt StoverGuggenheim - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Peter NesvoldJefferies - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ryan BrinkmanJPMorgan - Analyst* Dee-Ann DurbinAssociated Press - Media* Craig TrudellBloomberg News - Media* Alissa PriddleDetroit Free Press - Media* Mike RamseyWall Street Journal - Media* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - Analyst* Joe SpakRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford first-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Jenada, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the conference
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 5164 wordsCorporate Participants* Molly TrippFord Motor Company - Manager, Fixed Income IR* Mike SeneskiFord Motor Company - CFO & Treasurer* Neil SchlossFord Motor Company - VP & Treasurer* Stuart RowleyFord Motor Company - VP & ControllerConference Call Participants* Doug KarsonBank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Eric SelleJPMorgan Chase - Analyst&nbsp;* Brian JacobyGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the first-quarter fixed income conference call. My name is Tahitia and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Molly Tripp, Fixed Income Investor Relations Manager. Please proceed.MOLLY TRIPP, MANAGER, FIXED INCOME IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Tahitia and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me today are Mike Seneski, Ford Credit Chief Financial Officer, and Neil Schloss,
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 13815 wordsCorporate Participants* Bill Agne Ford Motor Company - Director IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President, CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Company - EVP, CFO * K.R. Kent Ford Motor Company - Ford Credit CFOConference Call Participants* John Murphy BAS-ML - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Colin Langan UBS - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bryce Hoffman The Detroit News - Media * Brent Snavely Detroit Free Press - Media * Jeff Bennett Dow Jones Newswires - Media * Eric Mayne WardsAuto.com - Media * Amy Wilson Automotive News - Media * Todd Lassa Motor Trend - Media * Robert Schoenberger The Plain Dealer - Media * Chris Isidore CNNMoney - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Great day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company's second-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Katina, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder,
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 13177 wordsCorporate Participants* Brian Harris Ford Motor Company - Director IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President, CEO * Lewis Booth Ford Motor Company - EVP, CFO * K.R. Kent Ford Motor Company - Ford Credit CFOConference Call Participants* John Murphy Bank of America - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Colin Langan UBS - Analyst * Steve Dyer Craig-Hallum - Analyst * Dee-Ann Durbin Associated Press - Media * Tom Walsh Detroit Free Press - Media * Bryce Hoffman Detroit News - Media * Keith Naughton Bloomberg - Media * Brent Snavely Detroit Free Press - Media * Jeff Bennett Dow Jones Newswires - Media * Robert Schoenberger Plain Dealer - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company third-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 10983 wordsCorporate Participants* K.R. KentFord Motor Company - Executive Director IR* Alan MulallyFord Motor Company - President, CEO* Lewis BoothFord Motor Company - EVP, CFO* Mike SeneskiFord Motor Credit Company - CFO* Mark FieldsFord Motor Company - EVP, President-The AmericasConference Call Participants* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Himanshu PatelJPMorgan - Analyst* Dee-Ann DurbinThe Associated Press - Media* Robert SchoenbergerThe Plain Dealer - Media* Keith NaughtonBloomberg - Media* Greg GardnerDetroit Free Press - Media* Jim TreeceAutomotive News - Media* Bernie WoodallReuters - Media* Alisa PriddleThe Detroit News - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Great day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third-quarter Ford Motor Company earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. K.R. Kent, Executive
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 11614 wordsCorporate Participants* George SharpFord Motor Company - Executive Director IR* Alan MulallyFord Motor Company - President, CEO* Lewis BoothFord Motor Company - EVP, CFO* Mike SeneskiFord Motor Credit Company - CFO, TreasurerConference Call Participants* Himanshu PatelJPMorgan - Analyst* Tim DenoyerWolfe Trahan - Analyst* Joseph SpakRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Peter NesvoldJefferies & Co. - Analyst* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Matthew StoverGuggenheim Securities - Analyst* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst* Dee-Ann DurbinThe Associated Press - Media* Ben KlaymanReuters - Media* David ShepardsonThe Detroit News - Media* Alisa PriddleDetroit Free Press - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Great day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth-quarter Ford Motor Company earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. George Sharp, Director of Investor Relations and Executive Director. Please proceed.GEORGE SHARP, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY:
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 13079 wordsCorporate Participants* George SharpFord Motor Company - Executive Director of IR* Alan MulallyFord Motor Company - President & CEO* Bob ShanksFord Motor Company - EVP & CFO* Stephen OdellFord Motor Company - GVP, Chairman & CEO, Ford EuropeConference Call Participants* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - Analyst&nbsp;* Peter NesvoldJefferies - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Alisa PriddleDetroit Free Press - Media* Dee-Ann DurbinThe Associated Press - Media* Mike RamseyWall Street - Media* Robert SchoenbergerPlain Dealer - Media* Karl HenkelDetroit News - Media* Todd LassaMotor Trend - Media* Tom WalshDetroit Free Press - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford third-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Chanel and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. George Sharp, Executive Director Investor Relations. Please proceed.GEORGE SHARP, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you,
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 13366 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Ford Motor Company fourth-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Michelle and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host, Ms. Lillian Etzkorn, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LILLIAN ETZKORN, DIRECTOR, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Michelle and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO and Don Leclair, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit's CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to review a couple of quick items. A copy of this morning's earnings
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 15848 wordsCorporate Participants* Lillian Etzkorn Ford Motor Company - Director of IR * Alan Mulally Ford Motor Company - President and CEO * Don Leclair Ford Motor Company - EVP and CFO * Mark Fields Ford Motor Company - EVP and President of the AmericasConference Call Participants* Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * John Murphy Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Brian Johnson Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Mark Warnsman Calyon Securities - Analyst * Bryce Hoffman The Detroit News - Media * Jeff Bennett Dow Jones - Media * Amy Wilson Automotive News - Media * Jere Downs Louisville Courier-Journal - Media * Byron Pope Ward's Auto - Media * Rick Popely Chicago Tribune - Media * Dee-Ann Durbin The Associated Press - Media * Etay Makali Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company's second-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 15693 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company's second-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the presentation over to our host for today's call, Ms. Lillian Etzkorn, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LILLIAN ETZKORN, DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning. With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO; Don Leclair, Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Fields, Executive Vice President and President of the Americas. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit's CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12084 wordsCorporate Participants* George SharpFord Motor Company - Executive Director IR* Alan MulallyFord Motor Company - President, CEO* Bob ShanksFord Motor Company - EVP, CFO* Mike SeneskiFord Motor Company - Ford Credit CFO* Mark FieldsFord Motor Company - COOConference Call Participants* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;* Ryan BrinkmanJPMorgan - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - Analyst* Dee-Ann DurbinThe Associated Press - Media* Craig TrudellBloomberg News - Media* Karl HenkelThe Detroit News - Media* Mike RamseyThe Wall Street Journal - Media* Deepa SeetharamanReuters - Media* Joann MullerForbes - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: A very good day to you, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Ford third-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Mansi and I will be your operator for today. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this call is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the call over to George Sharp, Executive Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed. Thank you.GEORGE SHARP, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Mansi, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to everyone joining us today either by phone or by webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 6666 wordsCorporate Participants* Steve DahleFord Motor Company - Manager Fixed Income IR* Michael SeneskiFord Motor Company - Ford Credit CFO* Neil SchlossFord Motor Company - VP and Treasurer* Stuart RowleyFord Motor Company - VP and ControllerConference Call Participants* Brian JacobyGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Doug Karson&nbsp;BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Eric SelleJPMorgan - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford third-quarter Fixed Income conference call. My name is Denise and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Steve Dahle, Manager Ford Fixed Income Investor Relations. Please proceed.STEVE DAHLE, MANAGER FIXED INCOME IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Denise, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me this morning are Michael
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 15005 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Ford Motor Company fourth-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Cindy and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's presentation. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Raj Modi, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.RAJ MODI, DIRECTOR, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Cindy and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO; Don Leclair, Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Fields, President of the Americas. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President and Controller; Ann Marie Petach, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit's CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to review a couple of quick items. A
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12778 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company First Quarter earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to hand the presentation over to over to Lillian McCormick, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.LILLIAN MCCORMICK, DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning. With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO and Don Leclair, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President, Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin I would like to review a couple of quick items. A copy of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12909 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for your patience, and welcome to the Ford Motor Company second quarter earnings conference call. My name is Bill and I will be your conference coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. However we will be having a question-and-answer session toward the end of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's presentation, this is Lillian, [Exkorn] Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.LILLIAN EXKORN: Thank you, Bill, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or by webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning. With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO; Don Leclair, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin I would like to review
Ford Motor	LENGTH: 12886 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for your patience and welcome to the Ford Motor Company's third-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Bill. I will be your conference coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be conducting a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's presentation, Ms. Lillian Etzkorn, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.LILLIAN ETZKORN, DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.&nbsp;With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO, and Don Leclair, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit's CFO.Before we begin, I would like to review
General Electric	LENGTH: 16046 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric Company - VP, Investor Communications * Jeff Immelt General Electric Company - Chairman & CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric Company - Vice Chairman & CFOConference Call Participants* John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Nicole Parent Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Bob Cornell Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jason Feldman UBS - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric fourth-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. My name is Lauren and I will be your conference coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed, sir.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning and welcome, everyone. [Joanne] and I are pleased to host today's call. Hopefully, you have the press release from earlier this morning
General Electric	LENGTH: 16588 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric - VP, Investor Communications * Jeff Immelt General Electric - Chairman & CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric - CFOConference Call Participants* Nicole Parent Credit Suisse - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Stephen Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Daniel Holland Morningstar - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric first-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Noelia and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed.&nbsp;TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thank you, Noelia. Good morning and welcome, everyone. Joanne and I are pleased to host today's webcast. Hopefully, you have the press release from earlier this morning.
General Electric	LENGTH: 9935 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor SchauenbergGeneral Electric Company - VP, Investor Communications* Jeff ImmeltGeneral Electric Company - Chairman & CEO* Keith SherinGeneral Electric Company - Vice Chairman & CEO, GE Capital* Jeff BornsteinGeneral Electric Company - SVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* John InchDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Steven WinokerSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Deane DrayCiti - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Andrew ObinBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Jason FeldmanUBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric second-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's second-quarter webcast. Regarding materials for the webcast, we issued the press release early this morning and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are available for
General Electric	LENGTH: 9373 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the General Electric fourth-quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Rachel, and I will be your conference coordinator today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's call, Mr. Bill Cary, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed, sir.BILL CARY, VP CORPORATE INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thanks very much and welcome, everybody. JoAnna and I are very pleased to host this call this morning to go through the fourth-quarter and total-year 2005 results. Please remember that this is a webcast, so you need to refresh your browser to see the materials that we will go through this morning.Hopefully you have the press release that we released about 6:30; and as I said all the slides from today's call will be available at our website at GE.com/investor, along with some supplemental data. If you don't see the slides out there, just go to the site and refresh your browser. You should be able to see it. You can, of course, download and print and hopefully follow
General Electric	LENGTH: 10853 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric first-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Rachel and I will be your coordinator for today's conference call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Dan Janki, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed, sir.DAN JANKI, VP INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Rachel, thank you. Joanna and I are pleased to host today's earnings conference call. First of all, we'd like to say welcome and we do understand that today is Passover and tomorrow is Good Friday, so we do apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you or your family.Hopefully you saw our press release that went out at 6.30 this morning. We will be walking through slides that are available on our website at www.ge.com/investor along with some supplemental information. If you don't see it, please hit refresh. You can also download that information and print it to follow along.&nbsp;Remember, this is a webcast, so you may need to hit refresh as you go through it. Also,
General Electric	LENGTH: 10040 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like the turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Dan Janski, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.DAN JANSKI, VP INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. JoAnna Morris and I are pleased to host today's call. Hopefully everybody saw the press release that went out at 6:30. That, along with today's presentation and supplemental information is available at our website at www.ge.com/investor. You can follow along on the web, or you can download and print that information.As we always say, today's presentation does contain forward-looking statements that's based on the world and economic environment as we see it today. That is subject to change. Please view the information in that light. Today we'll go through third quarter earnings, fourth quarter outlook, and we'll take questions. To do that we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and and our Senior Vice President and CFO, Keith Sherin. With that, let's get rolling, I'll turn it over to Jeff to get it started.&nbsp;JEFF IMMELT,
General Electric	LENGTH: 12264 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the GE second quarter 2004 conference call. My name is Nicole and I will be your conference coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. If at any time during the call you require assistance, please press star followed by 0 and a conference coordinator will be happy to assist you. As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Bill Cary, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed.BILL CARY, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC CO: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. Joanne and I are very pleased to host this call. Remember this is a webcast, so you will be able to see the slides on our website at www.ge.com/investor. Please refresh your browser see those materials. The press release was out this morning and hopefully you have that. That's also on our website. Again, if you don't see it, please refresh. The
General Electric	LENGTH: 11010 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric third-quarter 2005 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Rachel and I will be your conference coordinator today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Bill Cary, VP of Investor Communications.&nbsp;BILL CAREY, VP INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Rachel, thank you very much and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our third-quarter call. JoAnna and I are very pleased to host this call this morning. Please remember that this is a webcast so you can find the materials at www.GE.com/investor. You can download the slides and follow along as well as print the materials for your use. If you don't see the slides just hit the refresh button. They are up there now.Please remember, as always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Of course those elements can change as the world changes and we would ask that you interpret our comments
General Electric	LENGTH: 14494 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric - VP of IR * Jeff Immelt General Electric - Chairman and CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric - Vice Chairman and CFOConference Call Participants* Steven Winoker Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * John Inch BAS-ML - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Nomura Securities - Analyst * Deane Dray Citigroup - Analyst * Christopher Glynn Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Julian Mitchell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research Partners - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric third-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Noelia, and I will be your conference coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP OF IR, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thank you, Noelia. Good morning and
General Electric	LENGTH: 11216 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the GE third-quarter 2004 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Rachel and I will be your conference coordinator today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Bill Cary, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed, sir.BILL CARY, VP INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Well, good morning and welcome, everybody. Joanna and I are pleased to have the opportunity to host this call for our third-quarter results. Remember that this is a webcast, so please visit GE.com/investor and refresh your browser. You will find both the slides and the press release there from this morning. You can print the slides and follow along as well as follow online.&nbsp;Please remember, as always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes and we would ask that you interpret our comments in that light.This morning, we will cover our current quarter performance for the third quarter,
General Electric	LENGTH: 9788 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the General Electric fourth quarter 2004 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Rachel, and I will be your conference coordinator today. If at any time during the call you require assistance, please press star followed by zero and a conference coordinator will be happy to assist you. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Bill Cary, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed, sir.BILL CARY, VICE PRESIDENT INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Rachel, and good morning, everybody. Welcome. Joann and I are very pleased to host this call this morning.&nbsp;Please remember that this is a Webcast so if you haven't already refreshed your browser to see the slides and materials, hopefully you have the press release from this morning that hit the wire around 6:30, and the slides that we're walking through are available on our Web site at www.ge.com, forward slash investor, along with some supplemental data. Again, if you don't see it, please refresh. You can print and download, follow along with
General Electric	LENGTH: 11111 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor SchauenbergGeneral Electric Company - VP Investor Communications* Jeff ImmeltGeneral Electric Company - Chairman and CEO* Keith SherinGeneral Electric Company - Vice Chairman and CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research - Analyst* Steve WinokerSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Terry DarlingGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Christopher GlynnOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura - Analyst* Jason FeldmanUBS - Analyst* Brian LangenbergLangenberg & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Chanel and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investment Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's first-quarter 2012 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for the webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning and
General Electric	LENGTH: 11626 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor SchauenbergGeneral Electric Company - VP Corporate Investor Communications* Jeff ImmeltGeneral Electric Company - Chairman, CEO* Keith SherinGeneral Electric Company - Vice Chairman, CFOConference Call Participants* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Terry DarlingGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - Analyst* Deane Dray&nbsp;Citigroup - Analyst* Steven WinokerSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jason FeldmanUBS - Analyst* Christopher GlynnOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Chanel and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP CORPORATE INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We're pleased to host today's second-quarter 2012 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning. The presentation slides are available
General Electric	FinalCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric Company - VP of IR * Jeff Immelt General Electric Company - Chairman and CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric Company - Vice Chairman and CFOConference Call Participants* Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * John Inch BAS-ML - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Lee Rosenbaum Loomis Sayles - Analyst * Jason Feldman UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good today, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric fourth-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Noelia and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP OF IR, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Noelia. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning
General Electric	LENGTH: 12702 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric Company - VP Corporate Investor Communications * Jeff Immelt General Electric Company - Chairman, CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric Company - Vice Chairman, CFOConference Call Participants* Chris Glynn Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research Partners - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * John Inch BoA-ML - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric first-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Noelia and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP CORPORATE INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Noelia. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's first-quarter 2010 earnings webcast.Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release this morning, and
General Electric	LENGTH: 15320 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric Company - VP Corporate Investor Communications * Jeff Immelt General Electric Company - Chairman, CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric Company - Vice Chairman, CFOConference Call Participants* Jeffrey Sprague Vertical Research - Analyst * Julian Mitchell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Chris Glynn Oppenheimer - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jason Feldman UBS - Analyst * John Inch BoA-ML - AnalystPresentationTREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP CORPORATE INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, thank you, Noelia. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's second-quarter 2010 earnings webcast.&nbsp;Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning, and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor. We will have time for Q&A at the end.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses
General Electric	LENGTH: 14731 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric Company - VP, Investor Communications * Jeff Immelt General Electric Company - Chairman & CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric Company - Vice Chairman & CFOConference Call Participants* Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Julian Mitchell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research Partners - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Deane Dray Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Jason Feldman UBS - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Christopher Glynn Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Nomura Securities - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric fourth-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Michael and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.&nbsp;TREVOR SCHAUENBERG,
General Electric	LENGTH: 10764 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric Company - VP, Investor Communications * Jeff Immelt General Electric Company - Chairman & CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric Company - Vice Chairman & CFOConference Call Participants* Julian Mitchell Credit Suisse - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Jason Feldman UBS - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Nomura Securities - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * John Inch Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Chris Glynn Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Deane Dray Citi - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. My name is Tom and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.&nbsp;TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Tom.
General Electric	LENGTH: 11489 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor SchauenbergGeneral Electric Company - VP, Investor Communications* Jeff ImmeltGeneral Electric Company - Chairman & CEO* Keith SherinGeneral Electric Company - Vice Chairman & CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan Chase - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;* Jeff SpragueVertical Research - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - Analyst* John InchDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - Analyst* Steve WinokerSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Andrew ObinBank of America-Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Derek and I will be your conference coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Derek. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's first-quarter webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning and the presentation slides are available via the
General Electric	LENGTH: 15724 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric Company - VP IR * Jeff Immelt General Electric Company - Chairman, CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric Company - SVP, Vice Chairman, CFOConference Call Participants* Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Deane Dray Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Christopher Glynn Oppenheimer - Analyst * Nicole Parent Credit Suisse - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric third-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. My name is Lauren and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP IR, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning and welcome, everyone. JoAnna Morris and I are pleased to host today's call. Hopefully you have the press release from earlier this morning, and the slides that
General Electric	LENGTH: 15625 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric third-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. My name is Lauren and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP IR, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning and welcome, everyone. JoAnna Morris and I are pleased to host today's call. Hopefully you have the press release from earlier this morning, and the slides that we will be walking through are available on our website at www.GE.com. If you don't see it, please refresh. You can download or print to follow along.&nbsp;As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light. We will be reviewing the GE press release that went out earlier today and have time for Q&A at the end.For today's webcast we
General Electric	LENGTH: 13367 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric - VP, Investor Communications * Jeff Immelt General Electric - Chairman, CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric - Vice Chairman, CFO * Brackett Denniston General Electric - SVP, General CounselConference Call Participants* Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Robert Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Feldman UBS - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. I will be your conference coordinator. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for the conference, Trevor Schauenberg, the VP of Communications.&nbsp;TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Good morning and welcome, everyone. Joanne and I are pleased to host today's webcast. Hopefully you have the press release from earlier this morning and the slides are available via the
General Electric	LENGTH: 14484 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor Schauenberg General Electric - VP, Investor Communications * Jeff Immelt General Electric - Chairman & CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric - Vice Chairman & CFOConference Call Participants* Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * John Inch Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Christopher Glynn Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Terry Darling Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Jason Feldman UBS - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Daniel Holland Morningstar - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric third-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Noelia and I will be your conference coordinator today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.&nbsp;TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thank you, Noelia. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's
General Electric	LENGTH: 10588 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor SchauenbergGeneral Electric Company - Vice President, Investor Communications* Jeff ImmeltGeneral Electric Company - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer* Keith SherinGeneral Electric Company - Vice Chairman & Chief Financial OfficerConference Call Participants* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - Analyst* Christopher GlynnOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Jeffrey SpragueVertical Research - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Terry DarlingGoldman Sachs - Analyst* John InchBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Nigel CoeDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Steven WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Chanel and I will your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We're pleased to host today's third-quarter 2011 earnings webcast. Regarding materials for this webcast, we issued a press release earlier this morning
General Electric	LENGTH: 11999 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor SchauenbergGeneral Electric Company - VP Corporate Investor Communications* Jeff ImmeltGeneral Electric Company - Chairman, CEO* Keith SherinGeneral Electric Company - Vice Chairman, CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Steven WinokerSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - Analyst* Terry DarlingGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Jeffrey SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Christopher GlynnOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Jason FeldmanUBS - Analyst* Brian LangenbergLangenberg and Company - Analyst* John InchBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric fourth-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. My name is Chanel, and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg. Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP CORPORATE INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's fourth-quarter 2011 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued
General Electric	LENGTH: 10408 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor SchauenbergGeneral Electric Co. - VP Corporate Investor Communications* Jeff ImmeltGeneral Electric Co. - Chairman & CEO* Keith SherinGeneral Electric Co. - Vice Chairman & CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Steve WinokerSanford Bernstein - Analyst&nbsp;* Andrew ObinBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Deane DrayCiti Research - Analyst* John InchDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jason FeldmanUBS - Analyst* Brian LangenbergLangenberg Investments - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric third-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Chanel and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP CORPORATE INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC CO.: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's third-quarter 2012 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning,
General Electric	LENGTH: 12447 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for your patience and welcome to the General Electric fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call.At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Bill and I will be your conference coordinator for today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference call, Mr. Dan Janki, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed, sir.DAN JANKI, VP INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Bill. First of all, I'd like to welcome everyone. JoAnna and I are pleased to host today's earnings conference call.&nbsp;Today, the press release went out at 6:30 this morning. That along with today's presentation material and supplemental financials are available at our Web site at www.ge.com/investor. You can download and print those items or follow along via the webcast.Today's presentation does contain forward-looking statements based on the world and economic environment as we see it today and that is subject to change.Today we will cover fourth quarter results for 2007 and total year and give you an update on first quarter outlook. We will then also
General Electric	LENGTH: 16059 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric first-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. My name is Melanie and I will be your coordinator today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Dan Janki, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed.DAN JANKI, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Melanie. First of all, I would like to welcome everyone to our first-quarter earnings conference call. Today's presentation material, press release and supplementals are available at our investor website at www.ge.com/investor. Today's presentation does contain forward-looking statements based on the world and economic environment as we see it today and that is subject to change.Today, we are going to cover our first-quarter results, second-quarter and total year outlook and to do that, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. So at this time, I would like to turn it over to Jeff to get us started.&nbsp;JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Dan. Good morning, everyone. Just say
General Electric	LENGTH: 16159 wordsCorporate Participants* Dan Janki General Electric Company - VP, Investor Communications * Jeff Immelt General Electric Company - Chairman & CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric Company - Vice Chairman & CFOConference Call Participants* Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Deane Dray Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Robert Cornell Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Nicole Parent Credit Suisse - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Ann Duignan Bear Stearns - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric first-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. My name is Melanie and I will be your coordinator today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Dan Janki, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed.&nbsp;DAN JANKI, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Melanie. First of all, I would like to welcome everyone to our first-quarter earnings conference call. Today's presentation material, press release and supplementals are available at
General Electric	LENGTH: 13954 wordsCorporate Participants* Dan Janki General Electric - VP, Investor Communications * Jeff Immelt General Electric - Chairman & CEO * Keith Sherin General Electric - Vice Chairman CFOConference Call Participants* Jeff Sprague Citigroup Investment Research - Analyst * Deane Dray Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Nicole Parent Credit Suisse - Analyst * Robert Cornell Lehman Brothers - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - Analyst * Christopher Glynn Oppenheimer & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric second-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. My name is Lauren and I will be your conference coordinator today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Dan Janki, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed.&nbsp;DAN JANKI, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thank you, Lauren. First of all, I would like to welcome everyone. [JoAnn] and I are pleased to host today's conference call. The press release went out this morning
General Electric	LENGTH: 13853 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric second-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. My name is Lauren and I will be your conference coordinator today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Dan Janki, VP of Investor Communications. Please proceed.DAN JANKI, VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thank you, Lauren. First of all, I would like to welcome everyone. [JoAnn] and I are pleased to host today's conference call. The press release went out this morning at 6:30 with our financial information. That, along with today's presentation and supplemental financials are available at our investor website at www.GE.com/investor. You can follow along via the webcast or you can download and print the information.Today's presentation does contain forward-looking statements based on the world and economic environment as we see it today and it is subject to change.&nbsp;We will be going through today in the presentation an update on second-quarter operations and financial results and outlook on third quarter. To do that, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt
General Electric	LENGTH: 11548 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor SchauenbergGeneral Electric Company - VP of Corporate and Investor Communications* Jeff ImmeltGeneral Electric Company - Chairman and CEO* Keith SherinGeneral Electric Company - Vice Chairman and CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Andrew ObinBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst&nbsp;* Deane DrayCitigroup - Analyst* Steven WinokerSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Christopher GlynnOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* John InchDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Brian LangenbergLangenberg and Company - Analyst* Daniel HollandMorningstar - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. My name is Deanna and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP OF CORPORATE AND INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Deanna. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's fourth-quarter and total year 2012
General Electric	LENGTH: 9929 wordsCorporate Participants* Trevor SchauenbergGeneral Electric Company - VP Corporate Investor Communications* Jeff ImmeltGeneral Electric Company - Chairman, CEO* Jeff BornsteinGeneral Electric Company - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* John InchDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Julian MitchellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Joe Ritchie&nbsp;Goldman Sachs - Analyst* Steven WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - Analyst* Christopher GlynnOppenheimer & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Shikwana and I will be your conference coordinator today. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Trevor Schauenberg, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed, sir.TREVOR SCHAUENBERG, VP CORPORATE INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Shikwana. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's third-quarter webcast.Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release as well as the presentation slides at 6.30 this morning, which is something
General Electric	LENGTH: 17454 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Dan Janki, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed.DAN JANKI, VP OF INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GE: Thank you, Candice. Welcome, everybody. Joann and I are pleased to host today's conference call. Our press release went out today at 6:30. That along with today's presentation material is available at our investor website at www.GE.com/investor. You can download and print the information or follow along online. The presentation material does contain forward-looking statements, based on the environment as we see it today and that is subject to change.&nbsp;Today we're, we've got a full agenda. We're going to run a little bit longer than we traditionally do. We'll go through the earnings and also our recent acquisitions. To cover that today we have our chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt, Senior Vice President and CFO Keith Sherin,, and we also have Joe Hogan, our CEO of GE Healthcare, and Scott Donnelly, our CEO of GE Aviation
General Electric	LENGTH: 14156 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the General Electric first-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Carol and I will be your conference coordinator today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Dan Janki, Vice President of Investor Communications. Sir, please proceed.DAN JANKI, VP INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Carol. I would like to welcome everyone to today's first-quarter earnings call. Hopefully, you have been able to get through our press release that went out at 6.30 this morning with our financial information. That along with today's presentation is available at our investor website at www.GE.com/investor.&nbsp;Today's presentation does contain forward-looking statements. It is based in the environment as we see it today, and that is subject to change. Today, we will go through first-quarter operations and earnings and second-quarter outlook. To do that, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt; our Senior Vice President and CFO, Keith Sherin. We also have with us John Rice, who is Vice Chairman and CEO of
General Electric	LENGTH: 10473 wordsOPERATOR: (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Dan Janki, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed, sir.DAN JANKI, VP, IR, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thank you. I'd like to welcome everyone. Joanne and I are pleased to host today's conference call. Our press release went out at 6:30 this morning. That along with today's presentation and financial supplements are available at our website at www.GE.com/investor. Today's presentation does contain forward-looking statements based on the world and economic environment as we see it today. That is subject to change. Today we'll cover second quarter results, we'll give you a third quarter outlook, and then we'll take questions at the end. To cover that information, we have Jeff Immelt our Chairman and CEO; and Keith Sherin, Senior Vice President and CFO. So I'd like to turn it over to Jeff now to get it started.&nbsp;JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Dan. And good morning, everyone. We think the second quarter was another strong quarter for GE. Just going through some of the highlights for 2007 that we've talked about with investors, we will
General Electric	LENGTH: 12435 wordsOPERATOR: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the General Electric third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. My name is Bill and I will be your conference coordinator for today. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the program over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Dan Janki, Vice President of Investor Communications. Please proceed, sir.DAN JANKI, VP OF IR, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thank you, Bill. I would like to welcome everybody to today's earnings conference call. Our presentation went out -- our earnings release went out at 6:30 this morning; that along with the presentation and supplemental information available at our investor website, www.GE.com/investor.&nbsp;This presentation does contain forward-looking statements based on the world and economic environment as we see it today that is subject to change. Today we'll give you an update on third-quarter operating results, fourth-quarter outlook, and then we'll take your questions as usual at the end.To cover that material, we have Jeff Immelt, our Chairman and CEO; and Keith Sherin, our Vice Chairman and CFO. So I would like to turn it
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 11401 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan Hubbard Gilead Sciences - VP of IR * John Martin Gilead Sciences - Chairman, CEO * Robin Washington Gilead Sciences - Senior VP, CFO * Kevin Young Gilead Sciences - EVP Commercial Operations * Norbert Bischofberger Gilead Sciences - EVP Research & Development, Chief Scientific Officer * John Milligan Gilead Sciences - President, COOConference Call Participants* Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David Risinger Bank of America - Analyst * Thomas Wei Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company - Analyst * Bill Tanner Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Phil Nadeau Cowen and Company - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Weisel - Analyst * Steven Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Brett Holley Oppenheimer - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Gilead Sciences fourth quarter and full year 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions). Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 9120 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick O'BrienGilead Sciences, Inc. - VP IR* Robin WashingtonGilead Sciences, Inc. - SVP, CFO* John MartinGilead Sciences, Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Norbert BischofbergerGilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP Research & Development, Chief Scientific Officer* Kevin YoungGilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP Commercial Operations* John MilliganGilead Sciences, Inc. - President, COO&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan - Analyst* Wes NurssISI Group - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Phil NadeauCowen and Company - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Jason KolbertMaxim Group - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Josh SchimmerLazard Capital Markets - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Alan CarrNeedham & Company - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Gilead Sciences first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. My name is Cheverly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 8907 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick O'BrienGilead Sciences Inc - VP of IR* Robin WashingtonGilead Sciences Inc - CFO* Norbert BischofbergerGilead Sciences Inc - EVP of R&D* Kevin YoungGilead Sciences Inc - EVP of Commercial Operations* John MilliganGilead Sciences Inc - President and COOConference Call Participants* Geoff Meacham&nbsp;JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Geoff PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Matthew RodenUBS - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Philip NadeauCowen and Company - Analyst* Brian SkorneyRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst* Jason KolbertMaxim Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Gilead Sciences second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. My name is Phil and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Patrick O'Brien, Vice
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 9716 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan Hubbard Gilead Sciences - VP of IR * John Milligan Gilead Sciences - Pres. and COO * John Martin Gilead Sciences - Chairman, CEO * Kevin Young Gilead Sciences - EVP - Commercial Operations * Norbert Bischofberger Gilead Sciences - Chief Scientific Officer * Robin Washington Gilead Sciences - CFOConference Call Participants* Geoff Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Josh Schwimmer Leerink Swann & Co. - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Citigroup - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Tom Russo Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Phil Nadeau Cowen & Company - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Medge Schanooda Stifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Gilead Sciences third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. My name is
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 11009 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Gilead Sciences' third quarter 2004 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question, simply press &quot;star&quot; then the number &quot;one&quot; on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press &quot;star&quot; then the number &quot;two&quot;. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, October 21st, 2004. Your speakers for today are John Milligan, Executive Vice President and CFO, John Martin, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Perry, Senior Business Advisor and Kevin Young, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations. I would now like to turn the call over to Dr. Milligan. Please go ahead.JOHN MILLIGAN, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CFO, GILEAD SCIENCES INC.: Good afternoon. And welcome to Gilead's third quarter 2004 conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the third quarter ended September 30th, 2004 and describing the company's quarterly highlights. The press release is also available or our website. Also joining us on today's call are Mike Aguirre, Vice President of Finance and Susan Hubbard,
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 9110 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Gilead Sciences' First Quarter 2005 Earnings Conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded Tuesday, April 19th 2005.Your speakers for the day are John Milligan, Executive Vice President and CFO; John Martin, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations. I would now like to turn the call over to Dr. Milligan. Please go ahead.JOHN MILLIGAN, EVP & CFO, GILEAD SCIENCES INCORPORATED: Good afternoon, and welcome to Gilead's first-quarter 2005 conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for first quarter ended March 31st 2005 and describing the Company's quarterly highlights. The press release is also available on our website.&nbsp;Also joining us on today's call are Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; Mark Perry, Senior Business Advisor; Matt Howe, Vice President of Finance; and Susan Hubbard, Senior Director of Investor Relations.I will begin the call by reviewing the first-quarter financial results and will provide an updated financial guidance for the full-year 2005.
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 9658 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan Hubbard Gilead Sciences - VP IR * John Milligan Gilead Sciences - President and COO * Kevin Young Gilead Sciences - EVP - Commercial Operations * John Martin Gilead Sciences - Chairman, CEO * Robin Washington Gilead Sciences - SVP and CFO * Norbert Bischofberger Gilead Sciences - EVP of R&D and Chief Scientific OfficerConference Call Participants* Brian Abrahams Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Matt Roden UBS - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Tom Russo Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Ravi Mehrotra Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Gilead Sciences first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. My name is Stacy, and I
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 10343 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan Hubbard Gilead Sciences, Inc. - VP IR * John Martin Gilead Sciences, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Robin Washington Gilead Sciences, Inc. - SVP, CFO * John Milligan Gilead Sciences, Inc. - President, COO * Norbert Bischofberger Gilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP R&D, Chief Scientific Officer * Kevin Young Gilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP Commercial OperationsConference Call Participants* Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Matt Roden UBS - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Rachel McMinn Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jeffrey - Analyst * Brian Abrahams Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Ravi Mehrotra Credit Suisse - Analyst * Tom Russo Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Michael Yee RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Phil Nadeau Cowen and Company - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Gilead Sciences'
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 9207 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan HubbardGilead Sciences, Inc. - VP, IR* Robin WashingtonGilead Sciences, Inc. - SVP, CFO* Kevin YoungGilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP, Commercial Operations* Norbert BischofbergerGilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP, R&D, Chief Scientific Officer* John MilliganGilead Sciences, Inc. - President, COOConference Call Participants* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBank of America - Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Yaron WerberCiti - Analyst* Sapna SrivastavaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Lee KalowskiCredit Suisse - Analyst* Christine ChoBarclays - Analyst* Brian SkorneyBrean Murray - Analyst* Phil NadeauCowen and Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Gilead Sciences' first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. My name is Stacy, and I will be your conference operator for today.At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, April 26, 2012.I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, Stacy,
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 9226 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick O'BrienGilead Sciences, Inc. - Senior Director of IR* Robin WashingtonGilead Sciences, Inc. - SVP & CFO* John MartinGilead Sciences, Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Norbert BischofbergerGilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP of R&D, Chief Scientific Officer* Kevin YoungGilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP of Commercial OperationsConference Call Participants* Geoffrey Porges&nbsp;Sanford Bernstein - Analyst* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Yaron WerberCiti - Analyst* Tom RussoRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jason HolderMaxim Securities - Analyst* Brian SkorneyBrean Murray - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Company - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBM Capital - Analyst* Phil NadeauCowen and Company - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Alan CarrNeedham & Company - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Gilead Sciences second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. My name is Chanel and I will be are conference operator today. At this time all participants are in a
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 9468 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan Hubbard Gilead Sciences - VP of IR * John Martin Gilead Sciences - Chairman, CEO * John Milligan Gilead Sciences - President, COO * Norbert Bischofberger Gilead Sciences - EVP of R&D, CSO * Robin Washington Gilead Sciences - SVP, CFO * Kevin Young Gilead Sciences - EVP of Commercial OperationsConference Call Participants* Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Tom Russo Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Phil Nadeau Cowen and Company - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Gilead Sciences second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 10529 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan Hubbard Gilead Sciences, Inc. - IR Contact * Norbert Bischofberger Gilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer * Robin Washington Gilead Sciences, Inc. - SVP and CFO * John Martin Gilead Sciences, Inc. - Chairman and CEO * Kevin Young Gilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP of Commercial Operations * John Milligan Gilead Sciences, Inc. - President and COOConference Call Participants* Ravi Mehrotra Credit Suisse - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum ISI Group - Analyst * Geoff Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Brian Abrahams Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Sepna Shrivastiva Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Matt Roden UBS - Analyst * Rachel McMinn BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Thomas Wei Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Tom Russo Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Phil Gross Adage Capital Management - Analyst * Phil Nadeau Cowen and Company -
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 9028 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick O'BrienGilead Sciences, Inc. - VP of IR* John MartinGilead Sciences, Inc. - Chairman and CEO* Kevin YoungGilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP, Commercial Operations* Robin WashingtonGilead Sciences, Inc. - SVP and CFO* Norbert BischofbergerGilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP, Research and Development and Chief Scientific OfficerConference Call Participants* Geoff Meacham&nbsp;JPMorgan - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Matt AndrewsWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Geoff PorgesSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Phil NadeauCowen and Company - Analyst* Brian SkorneyRobert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - Analsyt* Howard LiangLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Alan CarrNeedham & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Gilead Sciences fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. My name is Darcell and I will be your conference operator today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. And, as a reminder,
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 11370 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan Hubbard Gilead Sciences - VP, IR * John Martin Gilead Sciences - Chairman and CEO * Norbert Bischofberger Gilead Sciences - EVP of Research & Development and Chief Scientific Officer * Robin Washington Gilead Sciences - SVP and CFO * Kevin Young Gilead Sciences - EVP of Commercial Operations * John Milligan Gilead Sciences - President and COOConference Call Participants* Mark Schoenbaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Thomas Wei Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Jeffrey Borges Bernstein Global Wealth Management - Analyst * Meg Malloy Goldman Sachs - Analyst * David Risinger Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * William Tanner Leerink Swann - Analyst * Philip Nadeau Cowen & Company - Analyst * Bret Holley Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * William Ho Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Gilead Sciences third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 10977 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan Hubbard Gilead Sciences - VP, IR * John Martin Gilead Sciences - Chairman, CEO * Norbert Bischofberger Gilead Sciences - CSO, EVP of R&D * Robin Washington Gilead Sciences - SVP, CFO * Kevin Young Gilead Sciences - EVP, Commercial Operations * John Milligan Gilead Sciences - President, COOConference Call Participants* Geoff Porges Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bret Holley Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * Thomas Wei Piper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst * Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Philip Nadeau Cowen & Company - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Josh Schimmer Leerink Swann & Company - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Markets - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Tom Russo Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Gilead Sciences second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I will be your coordinator today.
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 10670 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan Hubbard Gilead Sciences - IR * John Martin Gilead Sciences - Chairman, CEO * Robin Washington Gilead Sciences - CFO * Kevin Young Gilead Sciences - Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations * Norbert Bischofberger Gilead Sciences - CSO * John Milligan Gilead Sciences - President, COOConference Call Participants* Geoff Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Rachel McMinn Banc of America - Analyst * Karim Defilipe Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Geoff Porges Bernstein - Analyst * Joshua Schimmer Leerink Swann - Analyst * Steve Harr Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jason Kantor RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Davis Bu Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Phil Nadeau Cowen & Company - Analyst * Tom Russo Robert W. Baird - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Brett Holly Oppenheimer - Analyst * John Sonnier William Blair - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Gilead Sciences third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 8910 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan HubbardGilead Sciences - VP, IR* John MartinGilead Sciences - Chairman & CEO* Robin WashingtonGilead Sciences - SVP & CFO* Norbert BischofbergerGilead Sciences - EVP, R&D & Chief Scientific Officer* John MilliganGilead Sciences - President & COO* Kevin YoungGilead Sciences - EVP, Commercial Operations* Andrew ChengGilead Sciences - SVP, HIV Therapeutics and Development OperationsConference Call Participants* Geoff MeachamJPMorgan - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo - Analyst* Sapna SrivastavaGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ravi MehrotraCredit Suisse - Analyst* Tom RussoRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Josh SchimmerLeerink Swann - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Bret HolleyOppenheimer - Analyst* Maged ShenoudaStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Jim BirchenoughBMO Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Gilead Sciences third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. My name is Veronica, and I will be your conference operator today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, October 27, 2011.I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES:
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 8488 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick O'BrienGilead Sciences, Inc. - VP of IR* Robin WashingtonGilead Sciences, Inc. - SVP and CFO* Kevin YoungGilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP, Commercial Operations* John MartinGilead Sciences, Inc. - Chairman and CEO* Norbert BischofbergerGilead Sciences, Inc. - EVP of R&D and CSOConference Call Participants* Geoff Meacham&nbsp;JPMorgan - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities - Analyst* Geoffrey PorgesSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Marshall UristMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ian SomaiyaPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Brian SkorneyBrean Murray, Carret & Co. - Analyst* Thomas WeiJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Alan CarrNeedham & Co. - Analyst* Joel SendekStifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Gilead Sciences third-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. My name is Ann and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to Patrick O'Brien, Vice President of Investor
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 10899 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Gilead Sciences fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder this conference call is being recorded today January 23, 2008. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice-President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;SUSAN HUBBARD, VICE PRESIDENT OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, GILEAD SCIENCES INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Gilead's fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings conference call. We're pleased you could join us today. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2007, and describing the Company's quarterly and full year highlights. This press release is also available on our website at www.gilead.com. Joining me on today's call to discuss our results is John Martin, President and Chief Executive Officer, John Milligan, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Young, Executive Vice-President of Commercial Operations, Norbert Bischoferger, Executive Vice-President of Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer, and Matt Howe Vice President of Finance. John Martin
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 11249 wordsCorporate Participants* Susan Hubbard Gilead Sciences - VP IR * John Martin Gilead Sciences - CEO and President * John Milligan Gilead Sciences - COO, CFO and PAO * Norbert Bischofberger Gilead Sciences - Chief Scientific Officer and EVP of R&D * Kevin Young Gilead Sciences - EVP Commercial OperationsConference Call Participants* Meg Malloy Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Thomas Wei Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Mark Schoenebaum Bear Stearns - Analyst * Geoffrey Porges Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Yaron Werber Citigroup - Analyst * Geoffrey Meacham JPMorgan - Analyst * Michael Aberman Credit Suisse - Analyst * William Ho Bank of America - Analyst * Sapna Srivastava Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Joel Sendek Lazard Capital Market - Analyst * Bill Tanner Leerink Swann Llc - Analyst * Maged Shenouda UBS - Analyst * Philip Nadeau Cowen and Company - Analyst * Ian Somaiya Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Mike King Rodman & Renshaw - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Gilead Sciences first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 9267 wordsCorporate Participants* Patrick O'BrienGilead Sciences Inc - VP IR* Robin WashingtonGilead Sciences Inc - SVP and CFO* Kevin YoungGilead Sciences Inc - EVP - Commercial Operations* Norbert BischofbergerGilead Sciences Inc - EVP R&D* John MilliganGilead Sciences Inc - President and COOConference Call Participants* Geoff Meacham&nbsp;JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Mark SchoenebaumISI Group - Analyst* Geoff PorgesSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Rachel McMinnBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Yaron WerberCitigroup - Analyst* Brian AbrahamsWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Matt RodenUBS - Analyst* Michael YeeRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Robyn KarnauskasDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Phil NadeauCowen and Company - Analyst* Brian SkorneyRobert W. Baird & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Howard LiangLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Nick AbbottBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Terence FlynnGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Gilead Sciences third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. My name is Erica and I will be a conference operator today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode.And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to Patrick O'Brien, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK O'BRIEN,
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 8430 wordsCORPORATE PARTICIPANTS. Patrick O'Brien - Gilead Sciences Inc,VP IR . Robin Washington - Gilead Sciences Inc,SVP and CFO . Kevin Young - Gilead Sciences Inc,EVP - Commercial Operations . Norbert Bischofberger - Gilead Sciences Inc,EVP R&D . John Milligan - Gilead Sciences Inc,President and COOCONFERENCE CALL PARTICIPANTS. Geoff Meacham - JPMorgan Chase & Co.,Analyst . Mark Schoenebaum - ISI Group,Analyst . Geoff Porges - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.,Analyst . Rachel McMinn - BofA Merrill Lynch,Analyst . Yaron Werber - Citigroup,Analyst . Brian Abrahams - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,Analyst . Matt Roden - UBS,Analyst . Michael Yee - RBC Capital Markets,Analyst . Robyn Karnauskas - Deutsche Bank,Analyst . Phil Nadeau - Cowen and Company,Analyst . Brian Skorney - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.,Analyst . Howard Liang - Leerink Swann & Company,Analyst . Nick Abbott - BMO Capital Markets,Analyst . Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs,Analyst&nbsp;OVERVIEWGILD reported 3Q13 non-GAAP EPS of $0.52.FINANCIAL DATA1. 3Q13 non-GAAP EPS = $0.52.PRESENTATION SUMMARY -3Q13 Financials (R.W.) 1. Highlights: 1. Non-GAAP EPS $0.52 vs. $0.50 in 3Q12. 2. Worldwide product sales exceeded $2.7b. 1. Up 15% over 3Q12 and 2% sequentially, driven largely by continued uptake of single tablet regimens in US and
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 11668 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Gilead Sciences fourth quarter and 2006 year-end earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded January 31, 2007. Your speakers for the day are John Milligan, Executive Vice President and CFO; John Martin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; and Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations. I would now like to turn the call over to Dr. Milligan. Please go ahead.JOHN MILLIGAN, EVP, CFO, GILEAD SCIENCES INC.: Good afternoon. Welcome to Gilead's fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the fourth quarter year ended December 31, 2006 describing the Company's quarterly and full year highlights.&nbsp;The press release is also available on our website at www.gilead.com. Also joining us on today's call are Matt Howe, Vice President of Finance; and Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'll begin the call by reviewing the fourth quarter and full year 2006 financial results and then I'll
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 12429 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Gilead Sciences first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, April 18, 2007. Your speakers for today are John Milligan, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. John Martin, President and Chief Executive Officer, Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer, and Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations. I'd now like to turn the call over to Dr. Milligan. Please go ahead.&nbsp;JOHN MILLIGAN, COO, CFO, GILEAD SCIENCES INC.: Good afternoon. Welcome to Gilead's first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the first quarter ended March 31st, 2007, describing the company's quarterly highlights. This press release is also available on our website at www.gilead.com. Also joining us on today's call are Matt Howe, Vice President of Finance, and Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'll begin the call by reviewing the first quarter financial results and then I'll provide updated financial
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 12040 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Gilead Sciences second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, July 19, 2007. The speakers for today are John Milligan, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; John Martin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of Resource and Development and Chief Scientific Officer; and Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations. I would now like to turn the call over to Dr. Milligan. Please go ahead.JOHN MILLIGAN, COO, CFO, GILEAD SCIENCES INC.: Good afternoon, and welcome to Gilead's second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2007 describing the Company's quarterly highlights. This press release is also available on our web site at www.Gilead.com. Also joining us on today's call are Matt Howe, Vice President of Finance; and Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations.&nbsp;I will begin the call by reviewing the second quarter financial results and then I will provide
Gilead Sciences	LENGTH: 5979 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the YM BioSciences Inc. year end and fourth quarter results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would like to remind everyone that this conference is being recorded Monday, September 24, 2007, at 9 a.m. Eastern time.I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Allan, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, Mr. Allan.DAVID ALLAN, CHAIRMAN, CEO, YM BIOSCIENCES INC.: Good morning. Good morning, everybody. I am joined this morning by Dr. Diana Pliura, Executive Vice President of YM and in charge of our AeroLEF program; Dr. Paul Keane, Director of Medical Affairs; and [V.N. Brewster] our Controller.&nbsp;Earlier this morning we released results for fiscal 2007 which expand the year up to June 30. If you have not had a chance to review this release, it is available on our website, YMBioSciences.com, and as you have just been told a recording of this call will be available on our website for the next 90 days. I shall start this call
General Motors	LENGTH: 12988 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the General Motors fourth quarter earnings release conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Tuesday, January 20, 2004. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Erics, General Director of General Motors Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ERICS, GENERAL DIRECTOR FOR GENERAL MOTORS INVESTOR RELATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION: Thank you and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review our fourth quarter and calendar year results that we sent to you earlier this morning.I would like to direct your attention to the Safe Harbor language on the first page of the charts set. The content of our call will be governed by the language. I should also mention that to comply with SEC Reg G we have provided some supplemental charts at the end of the charts set that we will be speaking to today, in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet, and that
General Motors	LENGTH: 15041 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the General Motors Corporation first quarter 2004 earnings release conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we are conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press the one, followed by the four on your telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, April 20, 2004. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Erics, General Director of General Motors Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ERICS, GENERAL DIRECTOR GENERAL MOTORS INVESTOR RELATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review our first quarter results that we sent to you earlier this morning. First like to direct your attention to the Safe Harbor language on the first page of the chart set. The content of our call will be governed by this language. I would also like to mention that to comply with the SEC's Reg G we provided some supplemental charts at the end of the charts that we'll be speaking to today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the
General Motors	LENGTH: 16398 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Arickx General Motors Corp. - Executive Director of IR & Financial Communications * Rick Wagoner General Motors Corp. - Chairman & CEO * Fritz Henderson General Motors Corp. - President & COO * Ray Young General Motors Corp. - EVP & CFO * Walter Borst General Motors Corp. - TreasurerConference Call Participants* John Murphy Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Todd Lassa Motor Trend - Media * Paul Eisenstein Detroit Bureau - Media * Joann Muller Forbes Magazine - MediaPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the GM third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Friday, November 7th, 2008. It is now my pleasure to introduce Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Investor Relations and Financial Communications. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF IR & FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL
General Motors	LENGTH: 9069 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Arickx General Motors Corp. - IR * Ray Young General Motors Corp. - EVP & CFO * Walter Borst General Motors Corp. - TreasurerConference Call Participants* Brett Hoselton KeyBanc Capital Markets - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Joseph Szczesny The Oakland Press - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the GM fourth-quarter and calendar year earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, February 26, 2009. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx. Please go ahead, sirRANDY ARICKX, IR, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review our 2008 fourth-quarter and calendar year results that we sent out earlier this morning.&nbsp;I would first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of the call today will be governed by this language. I should also mention that, to comply with SEC's
General Motors	LENGTH: 12457 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Arickx General Motors Corp. - Executive Director IR * Ray Young General Motors Corp. - EVP, CFOConference Call Participants* John Murphy Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Himanshu Patel J.P. Morgan - Analyst * Pat Nolan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Tom Krisher Associated Press - Media * Tom Walsh Detroit Free Press - Media * John Revill Automotive News Europe - Media * Chris Isidore CNNMoney - Media * Ted Reed TheStreet.com - Media * Joe Szczesny The Oakland Press - Media * James Amend Ward S - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Motors Corporation 2009 first-quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, May 7, 2009.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx, Executive Director, GM Investor Relations and Financial Communications.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us as we review or 2009 first-quarter results that we send to you earlier this morning. I would like
General Motors	LENGTH: 8180 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy ArickxGeneral Motors Company - Director, IR & Financial Communications* Dan AkersonGeneral Motors Company - Chairman & CEO* Dan AmmannGeneral Motors Company - EVP & CFO* Chuck StevensGeneral Motors Company - CFO, GM North America and GM South AmericaConference Call Participants* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Adam Jonas&nbsp;Morgan Stanley - Analyst* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Ryan BrinkmanJPMorgan - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Matthew StoverGuggenheim Securities - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCiti - Analyst* Joseph SpakRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the General Motors Company second-quarter 2013 earnings conference call.During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Thursday, July 25, 2013.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, DIRECTOR, IR & FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us as we review the GM financial results for the second quarter of 2013.Our
General Motors	LENGTH: 13817 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Motors Corp fourth quarter 2005 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time if you have a question, please press the 1 followed by the 4 on your telephone. As a reminder this conference is being recorded Thursday, January 26th, 2006. If at any time during the conference you need to reach an operator please press star 0.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director of GM and GMAC Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks a lot and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review our fourth quarter and calendar year results that we sent you earlier this morning.&nbsp;I'd first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language. I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's Regulation G, we provided some supplemental charts at the
General Motors	LENGTH: 16807 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Motors first-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, April 20, 2006.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, General Director of GM and GMAC Investor Relations.RANDY ARICKX, GENERAL DIRECTOR OF GM AND GMAC INVESTOR RELATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you very much and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review our first-quarter results. I'd like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call today will be governed by this language.&nbsp;I should also mentioned that to comply with the SEC's Regulation G, we have provided some charts at the end of this chart pack that we will be speaking to today that will provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that GM is
General Motors	LENGTH: 13999 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to General Motors' second-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, July 26, 2006.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director of GM and GMAC Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION, GMAC: Thank you very much and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review our preliminary -- our second-quarter results that we sent you earlier this morning.&nbsp;I would first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always the content of our call will be governed by that language.I would also mention that to comply with SEC's Regulation G, we have provided some supplemental charts at the end of this package that we will be speaking to you today, in order to provide reconciling data between managerial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that
General Motors	LENGTH: 13988 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the General Motors third-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, October 25, 2006.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx, Executive Director of GM Investor Relations and Financial Communications. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR-IR & FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION: Thanks, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review our preliminary third-quarter results that we sent to you earlier this morning.&nbsp;I'd first like to direct your attention to the legal forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the contents of our call will be governed by this language.I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's Regulation G, we have provided some supplemental charts at the end of the charts that we will be speaking to today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that GM
General Motors	LENGTH: 13841 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the General Motors Corporation second quarter 2005 earnings release conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. We will first entertain questions from financial analyst and for the second portion we'll welcome questions from members of the press and media. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] As a reminder this conference is being recorded Wednesday, July 20, 2005. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Erics, Executive Director of GM and GMAC Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.&nbsp;RANDY ERICS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF GM AND GMAC IR, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you very much. And good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review our second quarter 2005 results that we sent to you earlier this morning. I'd first like to direct your attention to the Safe Harbor language and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language. I should mention that to comply with the SEC's Reg G we've provided some supplemental charts at the end of this chart set that we'll be speaking to today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial
General Motors	LENGTH: 12804 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the General Motors Corporation third quarter 2005 earnings release conference call.During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time if you have a question please press the one followed by the four on your telephone.As a reminder this conference is being recorded Monday, October 17, 2005.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Erics, Executive Director of GM and GMAC Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ERICS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION: Thank you very much and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we provide an update on our turnaround plan as well as our third quarter results.I'd first like to direct your attention to the Safe Harbor language and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. The content of our call will be governed by the language.I should mention that to comply with the SEC's Regulation G we've provided some supplemental charts at the end of these charts that we'll be speaking to today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial
General Motors	LENGTH: 16642 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Motors Corporation third quarter 2004 earnings release conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question and answer session. We will begin with a question and answer session for security analysts only, followed by the second portion, with media questions only.At that time, if you have a question, please press the one followed by the four on your telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Thursday, October 14th, 2004. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Erics, general director, General Motors Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;RANDY ERICS, GENERAL DIRECTOR, INVESTOR RELATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you very much. Good morning. And thank you for joining us as we review our third quarter results that we sent to you earlier this morning. I would first like to direct your attention to the safe harbor language on the first page of the chart [INAUDIBLE]. The content of our call will be governed by this language. I should mention that to comply with SEC's Regulation G, we've provided some
General Motors	LENGTH: 11930 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Motors Corporation fourth quarter 2004 earnings release conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question and answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press the 1 followed by the 4 on your telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on Wednesday, January 19, 2005. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx, Executive Director of GM and GMAC Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RANDY ARICKX, EXEC. DIRECTOR, GM & GMAC INVESTOR RELATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review our fourth quarter and calendar year results that we sent earlier this morning. I'd like to first direct your attention to the Safe Harbor language on the first page of the chart set. The contents of our call will be governed by this language. As we've also mentioned that to comply with SEC's Reg G, we've provided some supplemental charts at the end of the chart set that we'll be speaking to today, in order
General Motors	LENGTH: 13752 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Motors Corporation first quarter 2005 earnings release conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press the one followed by the four on your telephone. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, April 19, 2005.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Ericks, Executive Director of GM and GMAC Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ERICKS (ph), EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - GM, GMAC INVESTOR RELATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Good morning and thank you for joining us as we review our first quarter results that we sent to you earlier this morning.&nbsp;I would like to direct your attention to the Safe Harbor language and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call today will be governed by this language. I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's regulation G, we have provided some supplemental charts at the end of the chart set that we will be speaking to today, in
General Motors	LENGTH: 10740 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Arickx General Motors Co. - Director, IR & Financial Communications * Dan Akerson General Motors Co. - Chairman & CEO * Dan Ammann General Motors Co. - SVP & CFO * Chuck Stephens General Motors Co. - CFO, North AmericaConference Call Participants* Adam Jonas Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * John Murphy Bank of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Tim Denoyer Wolfe Trahan - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Peter Nesvold Jefferies - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Motors Co. first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, May 5, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to your Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations, Mr. Randy Arickx. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, DIRECTOR, IR & FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CO.: Thanks, operator. Good morning and thanks for joining us as we review our first-quarter 2011 results.As you know,
General Motors	LENGTH: 11695 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Arickx General Motors Co. - Director, IR and Financial Communications * Dan Akerson General Motors Co. - Chairman & CEO * Dan Ammann General Motors Co. - SVP & CFO * Chuck Stephens General Motors Co. - CFO, North AmericaConference Call Participants* Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Adam Jonas Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * John Murphy Bank of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Patrick Archambault Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Motors Company second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, August 4, 2011.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to the Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations, Mr. Randy Arickx. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, DIRECTOR, IR AND FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CO.: Thanks, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us as we review our second-quarter 2011 results.As you know, our press release was issued earlier this morning, and the conference call
General Motors	LENGTH: 9752 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy ArickxGeneral Motors Company - Executive Director of Communications and IR* Dan AkersonGeneral Motors Company - Chairman and CEO* Dan AmmannGeneral Motors Company - SVP and CFO* Chuck StevensGeneral Motors Company - CEO, North America and South AmericaConference Call Participants* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Peter NesvoldJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Tim DenoyerWolfe Trehan & Co - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the General Motors Company first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, May 3, 2012.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONS AND IR, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us as we review our first-quarter 2012 results. Our press release was issued earlier this morning and the conference
General Motors	LENGTH: 9117 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Arickx General Motors Company - Director of IR and Communications * Chris Liddell General Motors Company - Vice Chairman and CFO * Chuck Stevens General Motors Company - CFO, North America * Ed Whitacre General Motors Company - Acting CEO and Chairman * Dan Akerson General Motors Company - CEO and ChairmanConference Call Participants* Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Adam Jonas Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Kevin Krolicki Thomson Reuters - Media * Todd Lasso Motor Trend - Media * Tom Krisher Associated Press - Media * Greg Garner Detroit Free Press - Media * Chris Isidore CNN Money - Media * David Shepardson Detroit News - Media&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Motors Q2 2010 results. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, August 12, 2010.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Director of Investor Relations and Communications at GM. Please go ahead.RANDY ARICKX, DIRECTOR OF IR AND COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, Operator.
General Motors	LENGTH: 8669 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Arickx General Motors Company - Director of Communications and IR * Dan Akerson General Motors Company - Chairman and CEO * Chris Liddell General Motors Company - Vice Chairman and CFO * Mark Reuss General Motors Company - President, GM North AmericaConference Call Participants* Himanshu Patel JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Brian Johnson Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Motors Q4 and calendar-year 2010 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, February 24, 2011.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.RANDY ARICKX, DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONS AND IR, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, operator. Good morning, and thanks for joining us as we review our fourth-quarter and calendar year 2010 results. As you know, our press release was issued earlier this morning, and the conference call materials are available on the Investor Relations website. I
General Motors	LENGTH: 11083 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy ArickxGeneral Motors Company - Executive Director of GM Communications and IR* Dan AkersonGeneral Motors Company - Chairman and CEO* Dan AmmannGeneral Motors Company - SVP and CFO* Chuck StevensGeneral Motors Company - CFO, GM North AmericaConference Call Participants* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Ryan BrinkmanJPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Motors Company fourth-quarter and full-year 2012 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, February 14, 2013.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF GM COMMUNICATIONS AND IR, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thank you, Operator. Good morning. Thank you for joining us as we review our 2012 calendar year results. Our press release was issued earlier this morning, and the conference call materials are available
General Motors	LENGTH: 14342 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Arickx General Motors Corp. - Executive Director, IR and Financial Communications * Fritz Henderson General Motors Corp. - President, COO * Ray Young General Motors Corp. - EVP, CFO * Walter Borst General Motors Corp. - TreasurerConference Call Participants* Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Brian Johnson Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * John Murphy Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Douglas Carson Banc of America - Analyst * Mark Warnsman Calyon - Analyst * Tom Krishner Associated Press - Reporter * Jeff Green Bloomberg News - Reporter * Richard Snell Detroit News - Reporter * David Welch BusinessWeek - Reporter * Joan Muller Forbes Magazine - ReporterPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the GM second-quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Friday, August 1, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director, Investor Relations and Financial Communications. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, IR AND FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you very much and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us
General Motors	LENGTH: 14211 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the GM second-quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Friday, August 1, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director, Investor Relations and Financial Communications. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, IR AND FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you very much and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review our 2008 second-quarter results that we sent out earlier this morning.I'd first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language. I should also mention that to comply with SEC's Regulation G, we've provided some supplemental charts, at the end of the charts that we will be speaking to you today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and the financial press is
General Motors	LENGTH: 10661 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy ArickxGeneral Motors Company - Executive Director IR & Communications* Dan AkersonGeneral Motors Company - Chairman, CEO* Dan AmmannGeneral Motors Company - SVP, CFO* Chuck StevensGeneral Motors Company - CFO of GM North AmericaConference Call Participants* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Himanshu PatelJPMorgan - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the General Motors Company third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, November 9, 2011.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations. You may proceed, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR & COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review our third-quarter 2011 results.As you know, our press release was issued earlier this morning and the conference call materials are available on the investor relations website. I would also like to highlight that GM
General Motors	LENGTH: 11387 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy ArickxGeneral Motors Company - Executive Director of IR* Dan AkersonGeneral Motors Company - Chairman and CEO* Dan AmmannGeneral Motors Company - SVP and CFO* Chuck StevensGeneral Motors Company - CFO, GMNA and GMSAConference Call Participants* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - Analyst* Peter NesvoldJefferies & Company - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Himanshu PatelJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Tim DenoyerWolfe Trahan & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Motors Company 2011 calendar earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded today, Thursday, February 16, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF IR, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us as we review our 2011 calendar year results.As you know our press release was issued earlier this morning and the conference call materials are and are available on the Investor Relations website. I would
General Motors	LENGTH: 9904 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy ArickxGeneral Motors Company - Executive Director, Communications & IR* Dan AkersonGeneral Motors Company - Chairman & CEO* Dan AmmannGeneral Motors Company - SVP & CFO* Chuck StevensGeneral Motors Company - CFO, North/South AmericaConference Call Participants* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;* Peter NesvoldJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ryan BrinkmanJPMorgan Chase - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* John MurphyBank of America-Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the General Motors Company second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note we will be taking questions from analysts only. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Thursday, August 2, 2012. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, COMMUNICATIONS & IR, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us as we review our second-quarter 2012
General Motors	LENGTH: 12467 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy ArickxGeneral Motors Company - Executive Director of GM Communications and IR* Dan AkersonGeneral Motors Company - Chairman and CEO* Dan AmmannGeneral Motors Company - SVP and CFO* Steve GirskyGeneral Motors Company - Vice Chairman, GM Europe* Chuck StevensGeneral Motors Company - CEO North America and South AmericaConference Call Participants* John Murphy&nbsp;BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Tim DenoyerWolfe Trahan - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Ryan BrinkmanJPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the General Motors Company third-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, October 31, 2012.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx, Executive Director of GM Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF GM COMMUNICATIONS AND IR, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review our third-quarter 2012 results. Our press release
General Motors	LENGTH: 16707 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Arickx General Motors Corp. - Executive Director, IR, Financial Communications * Fritz Henderson General Motors Corp. - Vice Chairman, CFOConference Call Participants* John Murphy Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Himanshu Patel JPMorgan - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Brett Hoselton KeyBanc Capital Markets - Analyst * Brian Johnson Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Jeff Green Bloomberg - Media * Joann Muller Forbes Magazine - Media * Rick Popely Chicago Tribune - Media * Terry Kostrowski Dow Jones - Media * Davis Walsh Business Week - Media * John Stoll Wall Street Journal - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Motors 2007 calendar year earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder this conference is being recorded Tuesday, February 12, 2008.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx , Executive Director, GM Investor Relations and Financial Communications. Please go ahead,RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, IR, FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you, Operator. And good
General Motors	LENGTH: 16589 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Motors 2007 calendar year earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder this conference is being recorded Tuesday, February 12, 2008.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx , Executive Director, GM Investor Relations and Financial Communications. Please goRANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, IR, FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you, Operator. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review our 2007 fourth quarter and calendar year results that we sent to you earlier this morning. I'd like to first direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set, like always the content of our call will be governed by this language.&nbsp;I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's Regulation G, we provided some supplemental charts in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and GAAP equivalent results in GM 's financial statements. I would also like to highlight GM
General Motors	LENGTH: 14949 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the GM first-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. During the call all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, April 30, 2008.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director, Investor Relations, and Financial Communications.RANDY ARICKX, INVESTOR RELATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Good morning. Thank you for joining us as we review our 2008 first-quarter results that we sent out this morning.&nbsp;I would first like to direct your attention to the legend involving forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. Like always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's regulation G, we have provided some supplemental charts that provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results in GM's financial statements.We would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning, Fritz Henderson, President and Chief Operating Officer, will provide opening and
General Motors	LENGTH: 15080 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy Arickx General Motors Corp. - Investor Relations * Fritz Henderson General Motors Corp. - President, COO * Ray Young General Motors Corp. - CFO * Walter Borst General Motors Corp. - Treasurer * Mickey General Motors Corp. - OfficerConference Call Participants* John Murphy Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Rod Lache Deutsche - Analyst * Brian Johnson Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Jonathan Stimons Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Chris Ceraso Credit Suisse - Analyst * Himanshu Patel J P Morgan - Analyst * Itay Michaeli Citigroup - Analyst * Brian Jacoby Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Thomas Walsh Detroit Free Press - Media * John Stoll Dow Jones - Media * David Welch Business Week - Media * Jamie Larue Automotive News - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the GM first-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. During the call all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder this conference is being recorded, Wednesday, April 30, 2008.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director, Investor Relations, and Financial Communications.RANDY ARICKX, INVESTOR RELATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Good morning. Thank you
General Motors	LENGTH: 9931 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy ArickxGeneral Motors Company - Executive Director of Communications and IR* Dan AkersonGeneral Motors Company - Chairman and CEO* Dan AmmannGeneral Motors Company - SVP, CFO* Chuck StevensGeneral Motors Company - CFO GM North America and GM South AmericaConference Call Participants* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Adam Jonas&nbsp;Morgan Stanley - Analyst* Chris CerasoCredit Suisse - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst* John MurphyBank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Ryan BrinkmanJPMorgan - Analyst* Joe SpakRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the General Motors Company first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants will be at a listen-only mode. Afterwards we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Thursday, May 2, 2013.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONS AND IR, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, operator. Good morning. And thank you for joining us as we review the GM financial results for the first
General Motors	LENGTH: 8104 wordsCorporate Participants* Randy ArickxGeneral Motors Co - Executive Director of Communications and IR* Dan AkersonGeneral Motors Co - Chairman and CEO* Dan AmmannGeneral Motors Co - EVP and CFO* Chuck StevensGeneral Motors Co - CFO, GM North AmericaConference Call Participants* Brian JohnsonBarclays Capital - Analyst* Colin LanganUBS - Analyst&nbsp;* Rod LacheDeutsche Bank - Analyst* John MurphyBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Adam JonasMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Patrick ArchambaultGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ryan BrinkmanJPMorgan Securities Inc. - Analyst* Itay MichaeliCitigroup - Analyst* Joe SpakRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to General Motors Company third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen only mode. Afterwards, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, October 30, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONS AND IR, GENERAL MOTORS CO: Thanks operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us as we review the GM Financial results for the third quarter of 2013. Our press release was issued this morning and the conference call materials are available on
General Motors	LENGTH: 18025 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the General Motors Corporation fourth quarter 2006 and calendar year results conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a question and answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Wednesday, March 14, 2007. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx, Executive Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, INVESTOR RELATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you very much, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review our 2006 fourth quarter and calendar year results that we sent to you earlier this morning. I'd first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our conference will be governed by this language. I would also mention that to comply with FCC's Regulation G, we've provided some supplemental charts at the end of the package that we'll be speaking to today, in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today
General Motors	LENGTH: 13816 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the General Motors first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. During the presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). As a reminder this conference is being recorded, Thursday, May 3, 2007.I would now like to turn the conference over to Randy Arickx, GM Investor Relations and Financial Communications. Please go ahead sir.RANDY ARICKX, IR AND FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you very much and good morning to everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review our 2007 first quarter results that we sent to you earlier this morning. I'd first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our conference call will be governed by this language.&nbsp;I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's Regulation G, we've provided some supplemental charts at the end of these that we'll be speaking to today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I would also like to highlight that GM
General Motors	LENGTH: 14445 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, for standing by, and welcome to the General Motors Corporation second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Tuesday, July 31, 2007. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx, Executive Director GM Investor Relations and Financial Communications.&nbsp;RANDY ARICKX, EXEC DIRECTOR INVESTOR RELATIONS & FINANCIAL COMM, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. I would first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call today will be governed by this language. I would also like to mention that to comply with the SEC's regulation G, we've provided some backup charts in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. As always, GM is broadcasting this call live via the internet and the financial press is participating as
General Motors	LENGTH: 14501 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the General Motors Corporation third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we'll conduct a a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder this conference is being recorded Wednesday, November 7th, 2007.I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Randy Arickx , Executive Director, GM Investor Relations and Financial Communications. Please go ahead,&nbsp;RANDY ARICKX, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GM IR AND FINANCIAL COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION: Good morning and thank you for joining us, as we review our 2007 third quarter results that we sent to you earlier this morning. I'd like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. Like always, the content of our call will be governed by this language. I should also mention that to comply with the SEC Regulation G, we provided some supplemental charts at the end of today's show charts that we'll be speaking to today, in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 22390 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline - CFO * Moncef Slaoui GlaxoSmithKline - Chairman of R&DConference Call Participants* Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber J.P. Morgan - Analyst * Jeff Holford Jefferies - Analyst * Kevin Scotcher Liberum Capital - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citi - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Richard Foster J.P. Morgan - Analyst * Mick Cooper Taout Securities - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Ladies and gentlemen, if I could get your attention. Thank you very much for joining us today. And in just a few minutes we will start the formal presentation.&nbsp;Just to give you an idea of what we're going to do over the next hour and a half or so, I will make a couple of introductory comments now. And then I'm going to ask Julian Heslop, the Group Finance Director, to take you through the numbers for last year. I will then come back to update you on where we are on our strategies I outlined to you last summer. And then Moncef Slaoui, our Chairman of Research and Development, will give you a presentation just to update you
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 7408 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline - CFOConference Call Participants* Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citi - Analyst * Jeff Holford Jefferies - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Brian Bourdot Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Philippe Lanone Natixis - Analyst * Jo Walton Credit Suisse - Analyst * Steve Scala Cowen - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationBrentford Middlesex Apr 22, 2009 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of GlaxoSmithKline earnings conference call or presentation Wednesday, April 22, 2009 at 12:30:00pm GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Andrew WittyGlaxoSmithKline - CEO* Julian HeslopGlaxoSmithKline - CFOConference Call Participants* Gbola AmusaUBS - Analyst* Kevin WilsonCiti - Analyst* Jeff HolfordJefferies - Analyst* Andrew BaumMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Brian BourdotDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Philippe LanoneNatixis - Analyst* Jo WaltonCredit Suisse - Analyst* Steve ScalaCowen - Analyst* Alexandra HauberJPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Q1 results analyst and investor call hosted by Andrew Witty, CEO, and Julian Heslop, CFO. My name is Richard, and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to hand the call over to Andrew Witty, CEO.ANDREW
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 8676 wordsCorporate Participants* Sir Andrew WittyGSK - CEO* Simon DingemansGSK - CFOConference Call Participants* Graham ParryBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* James GordonJPMorgan - Analyst* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Unidentified Participant- Analyst* Kerry HolfordCredit Suisse - Analyst* Keyur ParekhGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Peter Verdult&nbsp;Morgan Stanley - Analyst* Jeff HolfordJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Florent CespedesExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Vicki BuxeyFMC - Analyst* Fabian WennerKepler Capital Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your GSK investor analyst call Q2 Quarter Results hosted by Sir Andrew Witty. My name is Bupendra, I'll be your event manager today afternoon. For the conference, you will be on listen-only.(Operator Instructions)And now, I would like to hand the conference over to Sir Andrew Witty. Please go ahead.SIR ANDREW WITTY, CEO, GSK: Thank you very much and good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to this Q2 conference call. I'm going to also, in addition to talking about the quarter, just make a few comments on the current situation in China, although these will be limited, given the status of the investigation. Let me first of all start by just summarizing where we are for Q2 and I'm
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 13042 wordsJP GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Welcome everyone to our year-end meeting. We will have several speakers today , the usual suspects, David Stout, our President of Pharmaceuticals, Julian Heslop, our Chief Financial Officer, then we'll ask Tachi to join us to answer all the questions you might have.In the meantime, I'd just like to say this is a very strong year that is ending for us, and we're very well positioned for 2006, as you can see in the press release. We're not going to repeat what's in the press release, which I think is very complete, but I'd like to make a couple of comments on the financials and the pipeline. Those are the numbers. Very strong. Likely in excess of consensus and gives us a good foundation for '06 and beyond.&nbsp;I just want to mention cash flow because we did spend money on very strategic acquisitions, such as ID Biomedical, which I think is a brilliant stroke for us because it opens up the very interesting flu and pandemic market at the right time, but despite that, we were able to work our debt down and have a strong balance sheet and able to increase dividends slightly
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 9087 wordsJP GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you very much and hello everyone. I'm here with Julian Heslop our Chief Financial Officer and David Stout our President and they'll give you some details on our fist quarter results; but I would like to summarize it for you by saying that we had an excellent financial performance ahead of consensus on sales and EPS gross which was up to 26% in actual terms, 17% in CR terms. But more importantly, we had good news from the pipeline on a number of fronts. Let me summarize them.First of all, since we talked only a couple of months ago, we have had a number of filings; some of them are very important filings such as Cervarix in Europe and a number of international markets, also FluLaval; this is our new flu vaccine from Canada. And remember that if we do get approval on time this year, we'll be able to sell an additional roughly 22 million units in the U.S. market. And then, of course, we filed for Wellbutrin XL in some countries in Europe and Hycamtin. If you look at the data that was generated, David will talk about Trexima which is
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 8362 wordsJP GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you very much, and again welcome to the second-quarter conference. I'm here with Julian Heslop, our Chief Financial Officer, and David Stout, our President for Pharmaceuticals, and they will address you in a minute. Let me just make some general comments on what turned out to be a very strong quarter for GlaxoSmithKline.Our sales again in Pharmaceuticals reached 10%, and that is on the back of a strong U.S. performance and our EPS were up 15%. We raised the guidance. For some of you, we did not raise enough, but we raised it to around 12%. We are very confident about the second half, but we are also conservative in the way we provide guidance. That is why we have kept beating the guidance I don't know eight quarters in a row now. But if you look at the fundamentals of the business and the future of the business, it was pretty much good news all around.Let me try to explain that. If you look at the trend of some of the key products and the progress in the pipeline, it has been a very good quarter. Let me remind you about the
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 8764 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the GSK Q3 results meeting analyst and investors conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation today followed by a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).In order that we may accommodate as many callers as possible today, can I please ask you to limit your questions to two or three. I would like to advise you the call is being recorded Thursday, 26 of October, 2006.I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Mr. JP Garnier. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;JP GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you and welcome to all. I am here with David Stout, President of Pharmaceuticals, and Julian Heslop, our Chief Financial Officer. They will address to you some of the aspects of our business and our financial performance.I'm going to make some very, very brief remarks, first on the strong financial results. You have seen the sales and the EPS up 21% in comparative terms -- I think that's ahead of expectations -- and also the very positive financial outlook for the Company, in terms of the guidance that has been raised to
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 11742 wordsMODERATOR: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for coming. Welcome to the year-end results conference. I also want to salute my friends at GSK; some of them are watching on the Web. Stick around. It's going to be great. You're going to hear very intelligent questions from this (indiscernible) crowd.Before we get to the nitty-gritty and the details around 2003, I just want to give you a little bit of the big picture on where we are as a company. Then I will be followed by John Coombe, our Chief Financial Officer, and then David Stout, our President of Pharmaceuticals, and I will come back to put all of this in perspective if I can.But the bottom line really for 2003 is that we grew 10 percent under very challenging circumstances. If you step back a bit further and you say, &quot;Let's look at GlaxoSmithKline between the periods of cycle 2002-2004.&quot; and you look at what happened. What happened is we suffered from generic erosion on three of our top products -- Augmentin yesterday, now Paxil/Serxat and soon Wellbutrin. The sales in the U.S. market of those three products are around 3 billion pounds. As you know, erosion
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 10332 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to GSK's second quarter 2004 results conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by question and answer session, at which time, if you would like to ask a question, you need to press star, one on your telephone keypad. I must advise you this conference is being recorded today on the 27 July, 2004. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Dr J.P. Garnier. Please go ahead, Dr Garnier.&nbsp;DR JEAN PIERRE GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Thank you very much, and hello everyone. Welcome to the second quarter results conference. As always, we are going to give a short presentation, and then there will be plenty of time for Q&A. As usual I have with me, John Coombe, our Chief Financial Officer; and David Stout, our Head of Pharmaceuticals. But before I pass it on to John, let me just say that the main news in our view, and the most significant piece of news this quarter is actually news about the pipeline. And we have, four lead NCEs, that sort of the first wave
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 8244 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the GSK second quarter results conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.] I must advise, the conference is being recorded, today, on the 28th of July, 2005. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dr. J.P. Garnier, please go ahead.J.P. GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you and welcome, everybody to this teleconference for our second quarter results. As usual, I'm joined by Julian Heslop, our CFO; and David Stout, the President for our pharmaceuticals business. I'll be handing the call over to Julian and David shortly. But, before, I'd like to discuss a few highlights.&nbsp;You have seen in the report that our performance was strong, ahead of expectations, with sales up 6% and EPS up 10% for the quarter. As you can see for the first half, was EPS up 14%, we are clearly doing well, particularly when you compare to the expectations and to the guidance. So, so far, so good. I just want to say that all the products did well, as you have seen, and we are happy to see Paxil CR and Avandamet come back, and make, actually, a very successful comeback so
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 13284 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline - CFOConference Call Participants* Mark Purcell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - Analyst * Nick Turner - Analyst * Michael Leacock RBS - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citi - Analyst * Kerry Holford Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: For this afternoon's Q2 update, I am not going to say very much at all before Julian comes up to take you through the numbers, and I will come back and talk a little bit about the strategy of where we are as a Company.&nbsp;Just a couple of minor kind of updates on the kind of information we are providing you. I am sure you have already noticed, but hopefully you have seen that we have given you an extra level of detail on the Emerging Markets business in the release, so you can see now down to product level what is going on in the Emerging Markets. We know a lot of you are interested in that and very happy to give you that.You also may have noticed that we have been less forthcoming on the
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 10198 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline - CFOConference Call Participants* Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Kerry Holford Credit Suisse - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Michael Leacock RBS - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Florent Cespedes BNP Paribas - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - Analyst * Justin Smith MF Global - Analyst * Brian Bodai Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you very much and thank you all for joining us on this Q3 call at GSK. I am going to take you through just some headlines on the overall performance of the Company and R&D, and then Julian Heslop, our CFO, will take you through some more detail before we open up for questions.&nbsp;As you have seen from the press release, sales for the quarter were down 2% and up 4% for the full -- for the year to date. This translates into a quarterly EPS of 28.2p per share and a dividend of 16p, up 7%.Now I recognize that
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 9920 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the GSK third quarter 2004 results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. There'll be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session at which time if you wish to ask a question you will need to press star 1 on your telephone keypad. I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, Dr. JP Garnier, please go ahead sir.&nbsp;JP GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you. And welcome, everybody to this conference for GlaxoSmithKline's third quarter results. Now as usual I have with me John Coombe, our CFO and David Stout our President of Pharmaceuticals, and they will give you a short presentation in a minute. But first let me make a few real quick comments on our performance and then maybe a few more comments on the pipeline. Well, obviously the first, you know, results that we saw today showed that despite significant generic erosion we were able to keep our head above water and excluding Paxil and Wellbutrin our Pharma sales grew 8% in the third quarter and in fact we're on track to deliver the full-year guidance as you would expect. But more importantly if
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 10123 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the GlaxoSmithKline first quarter conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. There will be a brief question and answer session after the presentation.[Operator Instructions]I must remind you that the call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. JP Garnier.&nbsp;JP GARNIER, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you very much and welcome to the teleconference for GlaxoSmithKline's first quarter results. I am joined by Julian Heslop, Chief Financial Officer and David Stout, President. I will hand the call over to Julie and David to review all of the details in their respective areas in a couple of minutes. I did want to mention that we are very pleased with the first quarter results, particularly earnings per share being up 19% and considering the fact that we still had some effect of generics in the United States, particularly Wellbutrin and a little bit of Paxil, also missing because of Cidra. All of those negatives did not stop us from exceeding expectations this quarter. In the United States revenue, if you exclude those two factors, would have been up13%. It shows that the business is very dynamic. Finally,
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 10450 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline PLC - CEO * Simon Dingemans GlaxoSmithKline PLC - CFO DesignateConference Call Participants* Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Naresh Chouhan Liberum Capital - Analyst * Seamus Fernandez Leerink Swann - Analyst * Kerry Holford Credist Suisse - Analyst * Michael Leacock RBS - Analyst * Mark Beards Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Florent Cespedes Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Brian Bordeaux Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: My name is Simon. I am the operator today. The format of the call will be some opening remarks from Andrew and Simon, and (technical difficulty) --&nbsp;ANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Thank you very much. As I laid out in February, we see the performance and the shape of GSK business developing over the next two years. The Q1 that we have just reported really displays, I think, very clearly that the trajectory that we expected is playing out and that GSK is making good progress against our strategic priorities.We are seeing continued good underlying sales growth momentum, up 4% in the quarter, and this is
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 16810 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline PLC - CEO * Simon Dingemans GlaxoSmithKline PLC - CFO * Moncef Slaoui GlaxoSmithKline PLC - Chairman, R&D and head of Global Vaccines * Deirdre Connelly GlaxoSmithKline PLC - President, North American Pharmaceuticals * David Redfern GlaxoSmithKline PLC - Chief Strategy OfficerConference Call Participants* Mark Dainty Citigroup - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Luisa Hector Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Beards Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Florent Cespedes Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Michael Leacock RBS - Analyst * Mark Purcell Barclays Capital - Analyst * James Ayre CCLA - Analyst * Mark Clark Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Okay. Good afternoon, everybody. I will let you all grab a seat.&nbsp;I think we will make a start. Thanks very much for joining us for the Q2 results of GSK today. I'm sure you have all got the press release, and there is a book of the various slides that we are going to present just in a few minutes. I would just like to make a couple of introductory comments before I kick off properly.First of all, just to introduce to you, we have
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 9668 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew WittyGlaxoSmithKline plc - CEO* Simon DingemansGlaxoSmithKline plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann - Analyst* Brian BordeauxBarclays Capital - Analyst* Graham ParryBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jo WaltonCredit Suisse - Analyst* Kyle RashbachCowen & Company - Analyst* Florent CespedesExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Mark ClarkDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Ninnas JohansLebaron Capital - Analyst* James GordonJPMorgan - Analyst* Jeff HolfordJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Nicholas TurnerMirabaud Securities - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Thank you very much and thank you for joining me on this call. I'm here with Simon Dingemans and what I'll do is make a few introductory comments, then ask Simon to make a few comments and then we'll open up to Q&A as we normally do.I'm very pleased with the first-quarter performance which provides more evidence of a sustainable business that we're building here at GSK. And importantly, we are delivering exactly what we said we would -- reported sales growth, gradual operating leverage, good cash generation, enhanced returns to shareholders and continued positive R&D asset progression.You'll see we are now reporting core earnings for the first time and this gives
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 8271 wordsCorporate Participants* Aniruddha JoshiAnand Rathi Research - Research Analyst* Ramakrishnan SubramanianGlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Ltd - Director of Finance* Pooja ThakurGlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Ltd - Head, Financial AccountingConference Call Participants* Aashish UpganlawarSpark Capital - Analyst* Arnab MitraIIFL - Analyst* Vivek MaheshwariCLSA - Analyst* Nerig GohFranklin Templeton - Analyst* Pritesh ChhedaEmkay Global - Analyst* Kunal BhatiaDalal & Broacha - Analyst* Nikel Upadhya- Analyst* Abneesh RoyEdelweiss - Analyst* Chitrangada KapurAngel Broking - Analyst* Kaustabh PawaskarSharekhan - Analyst* Anshul MishraING Mutual Fund - Analyst* Mitul MehtaLucky Securities - Analyst* Karthik LakshmanBNP Paribas Mutual Fund - Analyst* Sanjay SinghStandard Chartered - Analyst* Krishnan SambamoorthyFortune Equity Brokers - Analyst* Harit KapoorIDFC Securities - Analyst* Shirish PardeshiAnand Rathi Research - Head of ResearchPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am the moderator for this conference. Welcome to 1Q CY12 results conference call of GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Ltd. We have with us today the senior management of GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Ltd, and Mr. Aniruddha Joshi, research analyst of Anand Rathi Research.At this moment, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 14919 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew WittyGlaxoSmithKline PLC - CEO* Simon DingemansGlaxoSmithKline PLC - CFO* Moncef SlaouiGlaxoSmithKline PLC - Chairman, Research & DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Graham ParryBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Alexandra HauberJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Gbola Amusa&nbsp;UBS - Analyst* Jo WaltonCredit Suisse - Analyst* Brian BordeauxBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Good afternoon and thank you very much for joining me by link today. I'm sorry we are not doing this face to face, I'm sure you understand we're trying to avoid everybody being caught up in an Olympic Lane and hopefully this works for you in terms of avoiding being trapped in traffic. We're going to review the Q2 results for GSK and with me today are Simon Dingemans our CFO, who will make some comments in a few minutes, and also Moncef Slaoui, who will join Simon and I for question-and-answer at the end, so you'll have an opportunity to ask about pipeline assets if you'd like.Let me start by making a few general comments about the quarter. It's been an interesting quarter. A very busy one. Really two big dynamics.
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 10490 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the GSK third quarter results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. I would like to advise you that this conference is being recorded today. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker Dr. J.P. Garnier. Please go ahead sir.&nbsp;JP GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you and welcome, everybody, for this conference for GlaxoSmithKline third quarter results. As usual I'm joined by Julian Heslop our CFO and David Stout the President of our Pharmaceutical business. So shortly I will hand the call over to Julian and David for them to review all the details in their respective areas. But I would like to make a couple of points on the quarter and also talk about the flu and pandemic before we go any further. First on the financial performance, well, you have seen the results. They are pretty -- pretty good. They are ahead of consensus and fairly driven by good sales performance growth in the U.S., which is really the pillar of our business was 7% in terms of the sales line. And if you look behind the numbers, you find the usual suspects, Advair,
GlaxoSmithKline	FinalCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline - CFOConference Call Participants* Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Graham Parry Banc of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Jeff Holford Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Michael Leacock Royal Bank of Scotland - Analyst * Ernest Johan ICAP - Analyst * Justin Smith JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: (Audio in progress) -- view of where we are and as a business, and then Julian Heslop, our Finance Director, will come up and take you through the detailed numbers for 2009 and give you some signals to some of the cost flow guidance percentages going forward into 2010. And then we'll obviously have a Q&A session at the end.&nbsp;Let me start by saying I really think that 2009 was a very important year for GSK, more than for any other reason that it really started to demonstrate that the strategy that we've been deploying over the last couple of years has really begun to bite and start to deliver. And that seemed true across a number of parts of the business that I'll describe in a few minutes.I
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 8443 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline - CFOConference Call Participants* Tim Anderson - Analyst * Shamus Fernandez - Analyst * Mark Clark - Analyst * Michael Leacock - Analyst * Steve Scala - Analyst * Kerry Holford - Analyst * Andrew Baum - Analyst * James Millet - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Justin Smith - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the GSK Q1 2010 results call. The format of the call, there will be some opening remarks from CEO Andrew Witty and CFO Julian Heslop, followed by Q&A. I will now hand you over to Andrew Witty to begin the call.&nbsp;ANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you very much and welcome to the call. I'm here with Julian. I will make a few comments and then hand over straightaway to Julian.Q1 for 2010 I think really highlights that we had a very good start to the year at GSK with further evidence that our strategy is beginning to deliver. Sales growth continues. Q1 sales up 13%, obviously held by pandemic products, vaccine, and Relenza, but more importantly, a strong underlying growth, if you exclude the pandemic-related products,
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 17456 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline - CFO * Patrick Vallance GlaxoSmithKline - SVP, Medicines Discovery and Development * Moncef Slaoui GlaxoSmithKline - Chairman, Research and Development * Darrell Baker GlaxoSmithKline - SVP, Respiratory Medicines Development CentreConference Call Participants* Frasier Hall Berenberg - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Mark Beards Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Graham Parry Bank of America - Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Florent Cespedes BNP Paribas - Analyst * Mark Purcell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Good afternoon everybody. Welcome to the GSK results session for 2010. We will get underway just in a couple of seconds. I thought before we did I just wanted to -- slightly unusual bits of information I wanted to share with you. The first is just to let you know who is here with me today, because you will see there one or two people in here who probably don't quite look like investors and analysts, although I can assure you they all own GSK stock.&nbsp;So not in any special order, but just to let you
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 15787 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew WittyGlaxoSmithKline PLC - CEO* Simon DingemansGlaxoSmithKline PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Florent CespedesBNP Paribas - Analyst* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Graham ParryBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Unidentified Participant- Analyst* Alexandra HauberJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Mark PurcellBarclays Capital - Analyst* Mark ClarkDeutsche Bank - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome. Thanks very much for coming to the GSK annual results. We'll obviously as usual, I'll take you through a few slides, just to frame where we think things are at, maybe cover a couple of the highlights from the results announcement today and then Simon will take you through more of the detail, give you a sense of maybe shape a little bit of the year the to come, and then most importantly, give you the chance to ask any questions you might want to have. Just to highlight to you we have David Redfern in the room here who is Head of Strategy for the Company, very busy last year, by HGS, shares in Theravance, the Indian business, Shionogi, and a few other things. Very active for us and has come out here for a rest. So it'd be quite
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 8652 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew WittyGlaxoSmithKline PLC - CEO* Simon DingemansGlaxoSmithKline PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Brian BordeauxBarclays Capital - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Kerry HolfordCredit Suisse - Analyst* Graham ParryBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Kyle RasbachCowen and Company - Analyst&nbsp;* Peter VerdultMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Florent CespedesExane BNP Paribas - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the GSK Q1 investor analyst call, hosted by Sir Andrew Witty. My name is Ian; I am your event manager today. During the presentation, your lines will remain on a listen-only setting.(Operator Instructions)I would also like to advise all parties that the conference is being recorded. Now, I would like to hand it over to Sir Andrew Witty. Please go ahead, sir.ANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Thank you very much, and welcome to our first quarter conference call for GSK. I am here with Simon Dingemans, as normal. I am going to make a few comments, followed by Simon, and then we will open up the call to Q&A.The first quarter was very much in line with our expectations, with sales down just 2% and up 2% for ongoing operations,
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 8306 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline - CFOConference Call Participants* John Murphy Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Nigel Keegan Royal Bank of Scotland - Analyst * Marcel Brand CA Cheuvreux - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citi - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the GSK third quarter results conference call. My name is Erica and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I would like to turn the call over to your host, CEO Mr. Andrew Witty. You may proceed, sir.&nbsp;ANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you very much and welcome to this teleconference, and thank you for joining myself and Julian Heslop, our CFO, to review GSK's third-quarter performance. I'm going to ask Julian to run through some of the financials and then open up for Q&A. But before I do that, let me make a few remarks on GlaxoSmithKline's performance and progress against our strategy
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 19529 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline plc - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline plc - CFO * Moncef Slaoui GlaxoSmithKline plc - Chairman, Research and DevelopmentConference Call Participants* Kevin Wilson Citi - Analyst * Karen Veducablis Societe Generale - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Marietta Miemietz Societe Generale - Analyst * Jo Walton Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you all very much for joining us for today's Q2 presentation. You will all have seen the release we made to the market at 12 o'clock, and what we plan to do over the next hour or so is take you through a series of updates of various parts of the business, and then obviously give you a chance to do Q&A.&nbsp;I'm joined today by our CFO, Julian Heslop, and also Chairman of R&D, Moncef Slaoui, and both of them will talk to you in a few minutes and join me on the stage for questions toward the end.I'm just going to make a couple of introductory comments before Julian gives you a detailed review of the quarter, and then I will come back a bit later to fill in
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 9532 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline - CFOConference Call Participants* Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS - Analyst * Tim Anderson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Alexandra Hauber JPMorgan - Analyst * Graham Parry BAS-ML - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the GSK third-quarter results conference call. My name is Heather and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would like to turn you over to your host for today's call, Mr. Andrew Witty. Please proceed.&nbsp;ANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you very much and thanks, everybody, for joining the call. I'm going to make a few comments, then ask Julian Heslop, our CFO who's with me, to also make a few comments, and then we'll take Q&A.You've seen today the results reported for Q3 for GSK, and I think what they really demonstrate is the progress we're making to really develop the portfolio of this Company, to diversify the sources of growth, and in this quarter in particular, I think you've begun to see those strategies start to deliver.For
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 9287 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew WittyGlaxoSmithKline PLC - CEO* Simon DingemansGlaxoSmithKline PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Mark BeardsGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Steve ScalaCowen & Company - Analyst* Gbola AmusaUBS - Analyst* Alexandra HauberJPMorgan - Analyst* Seamus FernandezLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Graham ParryBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Florent CespedesExane BNP - Analyst* Brian BordeauxBarclays Capital - Analyst* Kerry HolfordCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Thank you very much and thank you all for joining the call. I'm actually in Tokyo, and Simon Dingemans is in London, so we're relying on the technology. And if there is a time lag between the Q&A and my answers, trust me, it's not because we've moved Brentford to the other side of the world.I think it's particularly apt that I'm hosting today's call from Japan, given our Japanese business has significantly contributed to this quarter's growth, notably through the great uptake of Cervarix as part of the national HPV vaccination program, which started here earlier this year. Cervarix is one of more than 60 new products and indications that GSK has launched in Japan since 2000. And we have the potential for
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 10783 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew WittyGlaxoSmithKline - CEO* Simon DingemansGlaxoSmithKline - CFOConference Call Participants* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Graham ParryBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Brian BordeauxBarclays Capital - Analyst* Mark ClarkDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Florent CespedesBNP Paribas - Analyst* Steve Scala&nbsp;Cowen and Company - Analyst* James GordonJPMorgan - Analyst* Kerry HolfordCredit Suisse - Analyst* Pierre DoraxGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the GSK Q3 results. The for Matt of this call will be some opening remarks from CEO, Sir Andrew Witty, followed by a Q&A. I will now hand you over to Sir Andrew Witty to begin the call.ANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you very much. Good afternoon and welcome to today's call. I'd like to particularly welcome people who are joining us from the East Coast after what's been a very rough few days. We hope very much that things settle back down and the disruption is resolved quickly.I'm actually speaking to you from our headquarters in Singapore. And Simon Dingemans is down joining us on the call from London. I'm in Singapore. I spend a lot of time in the emerging markets. It's
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 14728 wordsJEAN-PIERRE GARNIER PH.D., CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Hello everyone, and thanks for coming to this year end conference.Before I start the presentation, I would just like to say a few words about the general picture. I'm sure you read the press release. Essentially what you see, if you read between the lines, is a company with very strong fundamentals, good product line that is being renovated. There's lots of new products coming in, a very fast-moving vaccine business, customer health care business that is best in class, an R and D engine that works a lot better than a few years ago. And then next to it, you have a short term problem which is one Avandia and also to some extent generic erosion, which we are reaching the peak of, it's going to get better in '09 and beyond. That is the consideration the big picture.I will, however, have also Julian present the detailed financials for '07 and '08, and then we'll do a Q&A. We will have Andrew Witty, CEO elect, Julian and Christy Barker join me. And we'll take all the questions from you. So let know go into the presentation. I really have two topics for
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 14830 wordsCorporate Participants* Jean-Pierre Garnier Ph.D. GlaxoSmithKline - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline - CFO * Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline - CEO- elect * Chris Viehbacher GlaxoSmithKline - President, US PharmaceuticalsConference Call Participants* Mike Hancock ABN Ambro - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Andy Cosen Red Burn - Analyst * Matthew Weston Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Craig Maxwell JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Marcel Brand CA Cheuvreux - Analyst * Kerry Scott HSBC - AnalystPresentationJEAN-PIERRE GARNIER PH.D., CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Hello everyone, and thanks for coming to this year end conference.&nbsp;Before I start the presentation, I would just like to say a few words about the general picture. I'm sure you read the press release. Essentially what you see, if you read between the lines, is a company with very strong fundamentals, good product line that is being renovated. There's lots of new products coming in, a very fast-moving vaccine business, customer health care business that is best in class, an R and D engine that works a lot better than a few years ago. And then next to it, you have a short term problem which is one Avandia and also to some extent
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 9489 wordsCorporate Participants* JP Garnier GlaxoSmithKline plc - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline plc - CFO&Acirc;&nbsp; * Chris Viehbacher GlaxoSmithKline plc - President, U.S. Pharmaceuticals * Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline plc - CEO ElectConference Call Participants* Tim Anderson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Gbola Amusa UBS London - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup London - Analyst * Marietta Miemitz Societe General London - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch London - Analyst * Jo Walton Lehman Brothers London - Analyst * Brian Bodoff Deutsche Bank London - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley London - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the GlaxoSmithKline first-quarter results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until we conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Just to remind you that this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand over to the Chairperson, Dr. JP Garnier. Please begin your meeting and I will be standing by.&nbsp;JP GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Thank you very much. Hello, everyone. I'm here with Julian Heslop, our Chief Financial Officer, who will speak to you in a few minutes; and also
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 9378 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the GlaxoSmithKline first-quarter results conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until we conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Just to remind you that this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand over to the Chairperson, Dr. JP Garnier. Please begin your meeting and I will be standing by.JP GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Thank you very much. Hello, everyone. I'm here with Julian Heslop, our Chief Financial Officer, who will speak to you in a few minutes; and also with Andrew Witty, our CEO Elect; and with Chris Viehbacher, the Head of our Pharmaceutical business in the U.S. So they will be ready to assist me for the Q&A session.&nbsp;In the meantime, I would like to make some general remarks on the quarter. I think it was a quarter that I would define as on track, certainly on track with our financial guidance. It was a tough quarter because we were comparing to very high sales of Avandia, as you know, but also a tough quarter because in the first quarter '07,
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 17648 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew Witty GlaxoSmithKline plc - CEO * Julian Heslop GlaxoSmithKline plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Andy Kocen Redburn Partners - Analyst * Brian Bourdot Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Andrew Baum Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Marietta Miemietz Societe Generale - Analyst * Kevin Scotcher HSBC - Analyst * Brendan Boylan UBS - Analyst * Kevin Wilson Citigroup - Analyst * Graham Parry Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Savvas Neophytou Panmure Gordon - AnalystPresentationANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to this Q2 results meeting. Before I ask Julian to come up and give you a little bit more detail on the quarter's numbers, let me just describe to you a little bit what we plan to do over the next little while.&nbsp;First of all, Julian is going to update you. Secondly, I'm going to come up and talk about the strategic priorities that I have laid out in the press release we issued at 12 o'clock. And then we will have a Q&A session after that for both Julian and I together. So you will have got Q2; then you will have got a chance to hear from me directly on the strategic
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 17563 wordsANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to this Q2 results meeting. Before I ask Julian to come up and give you a little bit more detail on the quarter's numbers, let me just describe to you a little bit what we plan to do over the next little while.First of all, Julian is going to update you. Secondly, I'm going to come up and talk about the strategic priorities that I have laid out in the press release we issued at 12 o'clock. And then we will have a Q&A session after that for both Julian and I together. So you will have got Q2; then you will have got a chance to hear from me directly on the strategic priorities.&nbsp;Before introducing Julian, though, I just want to make a couple of comments about the quarter, because I'm going to mainly focus on the strategy going forward in my presentation. As far as I'm concerned, I think this quarter has been a robust one and it has been a very busy one, robust in the sense of the performance of the numbers. I think you can see the underlying performance of the business continuing to
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 10738 wordsCorporate Participants* Andrew WittyGlaxoSmithKline PLC - CEO* Simon DingemansGlaxoSmithKline PLC - CFOConference Call Participants* Graham ParryBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Tim AndersonSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Andrew BaumCitigroup - Analyst* Mark ClarkDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Andy KocenRedburn Partners - Analyst* Jeff Holford- Analyst&nbsp;* James GordonJPMorgan - Analyst* Keyur ParekhGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Kerry HolfordCredit Suisse - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the GlaxoSmithKline's investor analyst Q3 results conference call hosted by Sir Andrew Witty. My name is Butendra, I'll be your event manager this afternoon.(Operator Instructions)I would like to advise all parties that this conference is being recorded. And now I would like to hand the conference over to Sir Andrew Witty.ANDREW WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us for the Q3 analyst teleconference. As usual, I'm joined by Simon Dingemans, our CFO, who, after I've made a few introductory comments, will add his commentary to the quarter and then we'll open up for Q&A.So GSK's third-quarter performance has seen us continue to deliver a broadly-based sales growth, bring significant new products from our R&D pipeline to market, and grow returns for our
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 14901 wordsDR. JEAN-PIERRE GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for coming to the full-year results presentation for GSK. We will have the usual suspects today presenting to you. First, we will have our Chief Financial Officer, Julian Heslop, that many of you have met before and also followed by David Stout, our President of Pharmaceutical Operations. Then I'll come back and give you a sense of our positioning for the future, why we are so confident about 2007 and beyond.So, without any further adieu, I would like Julian to come to the podium.Of course, we will have time for Q&A at the end of the session.&nbsp;JULIAN HESLOP, CFO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Good afternoon. I would like to start by summarizing our strong financial performance in 2006. Turnover growth was 9%, which, when combined with tight control over SG&A costs, were the prime drivers of EPS growth of 19%. The dividend for 2006 is confirmed at GBP0.48, a 9% increase on the year.I would now like to look in more detail at the fourth quarter. You'll see that turnover was up 9% with pharmaceuticals up 8% and consumer up 9%. Cost of goods as a percentage of turnover was
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 10103 wordsOPERATOR: Thanks for standing by, and welcome to the GSK Q1 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions.) I must advise you that this conference is being recorded today, Wednesday, the 25th of April, 2007. I would now like to turn the conference over to your speaker today, Dr. J.P. Garnier. Please go ahead.J.P. GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you very much and welcome. I'm going to give a brief summary and then I will be followed by the usual suspects, that is, Julian Heslop, our CFO, and David Stout, our President for Pharmaceuticals.Well, as you saw, this is a pretty solid quarter from a financial standpoint, EPS up 14%. Of course, the currency wasn't kind to us. The British pound has really surged ahead and in fact has gained on pretty much every currency in the world--yen, Euro, dollar. But what comes up must come down, and over the long run, I really don't think it matters so much for us. We do have a strong business, strong product line, effective cost control, and we are ahead of our guidance,
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 9760 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning or good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the GSK Q2 results call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Just to remind you all, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand over to today's chairperson, Dr. J.P. Garnier. Please begin your meeting, sir.DR. J.P. GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Thank you very much and welcome. I would like to give you some headlines on the results, and I will be followed by Julian Heslop, our Chief Financial Officer, and David Stout, our President for Pharmaceuticals, and finally, John Clarke, our President for Consumer Healthcare.&nbsp;First of all, the EPS was a good number, plus 11% at constant foreign exchange rate. Also, our pharma sales performed well. If you exclude generics and Avandia, of course, the rest of the business is very healthy; sales up 10%. But even considering the negative effect of Avandia in the U.S., where sales were down 31%, we are still encouraged because I think that we have seen, again, a lot of evidence recently preparing for Monday's meeting. And the evidence is supportive of Avandia's risk/benefit ratio, and of its effect on cardiovascular safety. In fact, you will see the submission from
GlaxoSmithKline	LENGTH: 10082 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning or good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the GSK Q3 results call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press star followed by zero on your telephone keypad. Just to remind you all, this conference call is being recorded. I'll now like to turn it over to today's chair person, Dr. J.P. Garnier. Please begin your meeting, sir, and I'll be standing by.J.P. GARNIER, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you very much. Hello, everyone, I'm here with Julian Heslop, our CFO, and David Stout, our President of Pharmaceuticals, and we'll give a brief presentation followed by Q&A as usual.&nbsp;Let me start by talking much more about '08 and beyond. Then '07, I think, the situation is clear for '07. If we look at the plus and minuses for '08, you see that generic erosion definitely will continue, although '07 is not exactly an easier for us with Zofran and Coreg and Wellbutrin X sale. But clearly the rate of generic erosion will slow down as we go forward.
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9118 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to todays' Home Depot fourth-quarter earnings conference call. As are reminder, today's call is being recorded.Beginning today's discussion is Miss Dianne Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANNE DAYHOFF, VICE PRESIDENT OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Brenda, and good morning. Welcome to The Home Depot fourth-quarter earnings conference call.&nbsp;Joining us on our call is Bob Nardelli, Chairman, CEO and President of The Home Depot; Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; John Costello, our Executive Vice President of Merchandise and Marketing; and Frank Blake, our Executive Vice President of Business Development, along with other Home Depot executives.Bob Nardelli will begin today's discussion with a review of our business. John will then provide insight into our merchandising efforts, while Frank will then discuss the opportunities and progress of our services business and The Home Depot Supply companies. Carol will complete our prepared statement and discuss our financial results.Following our prepared statement, we will open the lines for questions. Question and answers will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9027 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot first quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Miss Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VICE PRESIDENT OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Good morning and thank you, Greg. Welcome to The Home Depot first quarter earnings conference call.Joining us today on our call are Bob Nardelli, Chairman, CEO, and President of The Home Depot, Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Costello, our Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing, and Frank Blake, our Executive Vice President of Business Development, along with other Home Depot executives.&nbsp;Bob Nardelli will begin today's discussion with a review of our business, John will provide insight into our merchandising efforts while Frank will discuss the opportunities and progress of our service business and The Home Depot Supply Companies. Carol will complete our prepared statement and discuss our financial results.Following our prepared statement we'll open the line for questions. Question and answers will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to
Home Depot	LENGTH: 7993 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff Home Depot Inc - SVP of IR * Frank Blake Home Depot Inc - Exec. Chairman, CEO * Craig Menear Home Depot Inc - EVP Merchandising * Carol Tome Home Depot Inc - CFO, PAO * Matt Carey Home Depot Inc - EVP * Mark Home Depot Inc - Unidentified Participant * Marvin Ellison Home Depot Inc - EVP U.S. StoresConference Call Participants* Colin McGranahan Bernstein - Analyst * Peter Benedict Wachovia Securities - Analyst * David Citrauser Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Michael Baker Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Scott Chicorelli RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Chris Horvers JPMorgan - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Alan Rifkin Merrill Lynch - Analyst * T.J. Mcconville Raymond James - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael Lasser Barclays Capital - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to today's Home Depot third-quarter earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, SVP OF IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third-quarter
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9160 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff Home Depot Inc - VP of IR * Frank Blake The Home Depot Inc - Chairman & CEO * Craig Menear The Home Depot Inc - EVP - Merchandising * Carol Tome The Home Depot Inc - CFO & EVP - Corporate Services * Mark Holifield The Home Depot Inc - SVP - Supply Chain * Matt Carey The Home Depot Inc - EVP & CIO * Marvin Ellison The Home Depot Inc - EVP - US StoresConference Call Participants* Deborah Weinswig Citi - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Bernstein - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * MIchael Lasser Barclays Capital - Analyst * Gregory Melich Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James - Analyst * John Zolidis Buckingham Research - Analyst * Maggie Gilliam Gilliam Company - Analyst * Wayne Hood BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Brian Nagel UBS - Analyst * Shannon Joseph Wachovia - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research - Analyst * Chris Horvers JPMorgan - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot fourth quarter earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff,
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8645 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff Home Depot Inc - VP, IR * Frank Blake Home Depot Inc - Chairman, CEO * Craig Menear Home Depot Inc - EVP, Merchandising * Carol Tome Home Depot Inc - EVP, Corp. Service, CFO * Matt Carey Home Depot Inc - EVP, CIO * Mark Holifield Home Depot Inc - SVP, Supply Chain * Marvin Ellison Home Depot Inc - EVP, US StoresConference Call Participants* Scott Ciccarelli RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Michael Lasser Barclays Capital - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Chris Horvers JPMorgan - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James - Analyst * David Strasser Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * Stephen Chick Friedman Billings Ramsey - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citi - Analyst * Wayne Hood BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Bernstein - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Laura Champine Cowen & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to today's Home Depot first quarter earnings conference call. Today's call the being recorded. (Operator Instructions)For opening remarks and introductions I'll turn the conference over to Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, HOME DEPOT
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9716 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane DayhoffThe Home Depot, Inc. - VP, IR* Frank BlakeThe Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Craig MenearThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, Merchandising* Carol TomeThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, Corporate Services & CFO* Marvin EllisonThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, US StoresConference Call Participants* Dennis McGill&nbsp;Zelman & Associates - Analyst* Gary BalterCredit Suisse - Analyst* Aram RubinsonNomura Securities - Analyst* Dan BinderJefferies & Co. - Analyst* David GoberMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Christopher HorversJPMorgan Chase - Analyst* Michael LasserUBS - Analyst* Matt FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Brian NagelOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Peter BenedictRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* Michael BakerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Alan RifkinBarclays Capital - Analyst* Scot CiccarelliRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Mary and good morning to everyone. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Carol
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9092 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane DayhoffThe Home Depot, Inc. - VP, IR* Frank BlakeThe Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Craig MenearThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, Merchandising* Carol TomeThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, Corporate Services & CFO* Marvin EllisonThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, US StoresConference Call Participants* Gary Balter&nbsp;Credit Suisse - Analyst* Dan BinderJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Christopher HorversJPMorgan Chase - Analyst* Peter BenedictRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Michael LasserUBS - Analyst* Matt FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* Budd BugatchRaymond James - Analyst* Dennis McGillZelman & Associates - Analyst* Brian NagelOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Kate McShaneCitigroup - Analyst* Mike BakerDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot second-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services. Following our
Home Depot	LENGTH: 7790 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot fourth quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Gwen, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Bob Nardelli, Chairman, President and CEO of the Home Depot, Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Tom Taylor, Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing. At our investor and analyst conference last month we discussed our vision of the Home Depot business through the year 2010. A replay of those comments, as well as the accompanying slides, are available on our website under the Investor Relations section. With that in mind, today's discussion will focus on our accomplishment for fiscal year 2005 and, more specifically, on the fourth quarter. Bob will begin with a review of our business. Tom will then provide insight into our merchandising efforts and Carol will complete our prepared statement with a discussion of our financial results.&nbsp;Following our prepared statement we
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8312 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot second quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Miss Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot second quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Bob Nardelli, Chairman, President and CEO of Home Depot, Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Tom Taylor, Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing. Today's discussion will begin with a review of our business by Bob. Tom will provide insight into our merchandising efforts. And Carol will complete a prepared statement with a discussion of our financial results.&nbsp;Following this brief discussion by Management the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the internet at HomeDepot.com with links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. The replay will
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9262 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to today's Home Depot third quarter earnings results conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, [Bill], and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Bob Nardelli, Chairman, President, and CEO of the Home Depot, Craig Menear, Senior Vice President of Merchandising, and Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will begin with a review of our business by Bob, Craig will provide insight into our merchandising efforts, and Carol will complete our prepared statements with a discussion with financial results.Following our brief discussion the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder we would appreciate if the the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at HomeDepot.com, with links on both our home page and the investor relations section. The replay will [technical issues]. If we are unable
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9641 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to today's Home Depot second quarter earnings release conference call. As a reminder today's call is being recorded. Please hold all of your questions and comments until the end of today's presentation. Please do not signal for a question or comment until instructed to do so. Beginning today's discussion is Miss Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;DIANE DAYHOFF, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, THE HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Amber. Good morning, everyone and welcome to The Home Depot second quarter earnings conference call. Joining us today on our call are Bob Nardelli, Chairman, CEO and President of The Home Depot, Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Costello, our Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing, and Bob DeRodes, Executive Vice President and CIO, along with other Home Depot executives. Bob Nardelli will begin today's discussion with a review of our business. John will provide insight into our merchandising efforts while Bob DeRodes will take us through technological enhancements recently completed. Carol will conclude our prepared statement with a discussion of our financial results. Following these comments, we will open the lines for questions. Question and
Home Depot	LENGTH: 7579 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot second quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Gwen, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to The Home Depot second quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Bob Nardelli, Chairman, CEO, and President of The Home Depot; Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; John Costello, Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing; and Joe DeAngelo, President of The Home Depot Supply; along with other Home Depot -- other Home Depot executives. Bob will begin today's discussion with a review of our business. John will provide insight into our merchandising efforts, and Joe will take us through The Home Depot Supply platform. Carol will complete our prepared statement with a discussion of our financial results.Following our prepared statement, we'll open the line for questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and, as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please.
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8950 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff Home Depot Inc - VP of IR * Frank Blake Home Depot Inc - Chairman and CEO * Craig Menear Home Depot Inc - EVP of Merchandising * Carol Tome Home Depot Inc - CFO, EVP of Corporate Services * Mark Holifield Home Depot Inc - SVP of Supply Chain * Marvin Ellison Home Depot Inc - EVP of US StoresConference Call Participants* Chris Horvers JPMorgan - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Scot Ciccarelli RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Gary Balter Credit Suisse - Analyst * Alan Rifkin BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Greg Melich ISI Group - Analyst * Mike Baker Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Michael Lasser Barclays Capital - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Peter Benedict Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions) Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9862 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to today's The Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR RELATIONS, HOME DEPOT INC: Thanks Laura. Good morning everyone. Welcome to The Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. Joining us today on our call are Bob Nardelli, Chairman, CEO and President of The Home Depot; Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Costello, our Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing along with other Home Depot executives. Bob Nardelli will begin today's discussion with a review of our business, John will provide insight into our merchandising efforts and Carol will completed our prepared statements and discuss our financial results. Following our prepared statement we will open the line for questions. Questions and answers will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the internet at homedepot.com with links on both our home
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8762 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Home Depot fourth quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder today's conference is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Miss Diane DeHaas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Miss DeHaas.DIANE DEHAAS, VP - IR, THE HOME DEPOT INC.: Thank you, Jake and good morning to everyone. Welcome to The Home Depot fourth quarter 2004 earnings conference call.Joining us on our call today are Bob Nardelli, Chairman, CEO, and President of The Home Depot, Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John Costello, Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing, and Dennis Donovan, Executive Vice President of Human Resources, along with other Home Depot executives.&nbsp;Bob Nardelli will begin today's discussion with a review of our business, John will provide insight into our merchandising efforts, and Dennis will provide information regarding our greatest asset, The Home Depot associates. Carol will complete our prepared statement with a discussion of our financial results.Following our prepared statement we'll open the line for questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder we would really appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up,
Home Depot	LENGTH: 7840 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot first-quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Miss Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP OF IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Felicia, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot first-quarter earnings 2005 conference call.Joining us on our call today are Bob Nardelli, Chairman, CEO and President of the Home Depot; Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; John Costello, Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing; and Tom Taylor, Executive Vice President, Store Operations; along with other Home Depot executives. Bob Nardelli will begin today's discussion with a review of our business. John will provide insight into our merchandising efforts; and Tom will discuss Home Depot's store execution. Carol will complete our prepared statement with a discussion of our financial results. Following our prepared statement we'll open the lines for questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please.&nbsp;This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8945 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff The Home Depot, Inc. - VP of IR * Frank Blake The Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Craig Menear The Home Depot, Inc. - EVP of Merchandising * Carol Tome The Home Depot, Inc. - EVP of Corporate Service & CFO * Marvin Ellison The Home Depot, Inc. - EVP of US StoresConference Call Participants* Deborah Weinswig Citi - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Bernstein - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Chris Horvers JPMorgan - Analyst * Brian Nagel Oppenheimer & Co. - Analyst * David Strasser Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * Michael Lasser UBS - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James - Analyst * Daniel Binder Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research Co. - Analyst * David MacGregor Longbow Research - Analyst * Peter Benedict Robert W. Baird - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). Beginning today's discussion is Miss Diane Dayhoff, Vice President and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP OF IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Yvonne, and good morning to everyone.
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9065 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff The Home Depot Inc. - VP of IR * Frank Blake The Home Depot Inc. - Chairman and CEO * Craig Menear The Home Depot Inc. - EVP, Merchandising * Carol Tome The Home Depot Inc. - EVP, Corporate Services and CFO * Marvin Ellison The Home Depot Inc. - EVP, US StoresConference Call Participants* Christopher Horvers JPMorgan - Analyst * Scot Ciccarelli RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Simeon Gutman Credit Suisse - Analyst * Gary Balter Credit Suisse - Analyst * Alan Rifkin Barclays Capital - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael Lasser UBS - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Greg Melich ISI Group - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Laura Champine Cowen and Co. - Analyst * Dennis McGill Zelman & Associates - Analyst * Joe Feldman Telsey Advisory Group - Analyst * Mike Baker Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David Schick Stifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). Please note that any prompts
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8489 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Welcome to the Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Bob Nardelli, Chairman, CEO, and President of the Home Depot; Carol Tome, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tom Taylor, Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing; and Carl Leibert, Executive Vice President of Home Depot Stores. Today's discussion will begin with a review of our business by Bob, Tom will provide insight into our merchandising efforts, and Carl will update us on our store operations initiative. Carol will complete our prepared statement with a discussion of our financial results. Following our prepared statement we'll open the line for questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder we would appreciate it if the the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please.&nbsp;This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet at homedepot.com with links on both our
Home Depot	FinalCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff Home Depot Inc - VP IR * Frank Blake Home Depot Inc - Chairman, CEO * Craig Menear Home Depot Inc - EVP Merchandising * Carol Tome Home Depot Inc - CFO, EVP Corporate Development * Marvin Ellison Home Depot Inc - EVP US StoresConference Call Participants* Colin McGranahan Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Jaison Blair Rochdale - Analyst * David Schick Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Alan Rifkin Banc of America - Analyst * Gary Balter Credit Suisse - Analyst * Laura Champine Cowen and Company - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Matt Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Peter Benedict Robert W Baird - Analyst * Gregory Melich Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies and Company - Analyst * Dennis McGill Zelman and Associates - Analyst * Michael Lasser Barclays Capital - Analyst * Stephen Chick FBR Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot fourth quarter earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operators Instructions)&nbsp;Beginning today's discussion is Diane Dayhoff, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP IR, HOME DEPOT INC:
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9972 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff Home Depot Inc - VP of IR * Frank Blake Home Depot Inc - Chairman & CEO * Craig Menear Home Depot Inc - EVP of Merchandising * Carol Tome Home Depot Inc - CFO & EVP * Marvin Ellison Home Depot Inc - EVP US StoresConference Call Participants* Chris Horvers JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Jaison Blair Rochdale Research - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Scott Ciccarelli RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Todd Duvick Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Alan Rifkin Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Unidentified Participant FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * William Truelove UBS - Analyst * Dennis McGill Zelman & Associates - Analyst * Gary Balter Credit Suisse - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. I would like to let you know that we will be having
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9466 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff The Home Depot, Inc. - VP IR * Frank Blake The Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Craig Menear The Home Depot, Inc. - EVP Merchandising * Carol Tome The Home Depot, Inc. - CFO, EVP Corporate Services * Marvin Ellison The Home Depot, Inc. - EVP US StoresConference Call Participants* Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Dennis McGill Zellman & Associates - Analyst * Chris Horvers JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Michael Lasser Barclays Capital - Analyst * Stephen Chick Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Group, Inc. - Analyst * David Schick Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * David Strasser Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Gregory Melich ISI - Analyst * Scot Ciccarelli RBC Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions).Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP IR,
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8461 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff The Home Depot, Inc. - VP IR * Frank Blake The Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Craig Menear The Home Depot, Inc. - EVP Merchandising * Carol Tome The Home Depot, Inc. - EVP Corporate Services, CFO * Marvin Ellison The Home Depot, Inc. - EVP U.S. StoresConference Call Participants* Brian Nagel Oppenheimer - Analyst * Peter Benedict Robert W. Baird - Analyst * David Schick Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Chris Horvers JPMorgan - Analyst * Michael Lasser Barclays Capital - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Laura Champine Cowen and Company - Analyst * Wayne Hood BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Greg Melich ISI Group - Analyst * Steve Chick FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Alan Rifkin BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot fourth-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions)Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Cindy, and good morning to
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9764 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane DayhoffThe Home Depot - VP, IR* Frank BlakeThe Home Depot - Chairman & CEO* Craig MenearThe Home Depot - EVP, Merchandising* Carol TomeThe Home Depot - EVP, Corporate Services & CFO* Marvin EllisonThe Home Depot - EVP, US StoresConference Call Participants* Gary BalterCredit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;* Colin McGranahanSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Chris HorversJPMorgan Chase - Analyst* Kate McShaneCiti Research - Analyst* Alan RifkinBarclays Capital - Analyst* Michael LasserUBS - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* Matthew FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Scot CiccarelliRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Mike BakerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Peter BenedictRobert W. Baird - Analyst* David StrasserJanney Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, THE HOME DEPOT: Thank you, Christy and good morning to everyone. Welcome to The Home Depot first-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9693 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane DayhoffThe Home Depot, Inc. - VP IR* Frank BlakeThe Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Craig MenearThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP Merchandising* Carol TomeThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP Corporate Services, CFO* Marvin EllisonThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP U.S. StoresConference Call Participants* Michael Lasser&nbsp;UBS - Analyst* Matthew FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Dan BinderJefferies & Company - Analyst* Dennis McGillZelman & Associates - Analyst* Colin McGranahanSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Kate McShaneCitigroup - Analyst* Peter KeithPiper Jaffray - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* Budd BugatchRaymond James - Analyst* Scot CiccarelliRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Priya Ohri-GuptaBarclays Capital - Analyst* Brian NagelOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Eric BosshardCleveland Research Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions)Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President Investor Relations. Ms. Dayhoff, please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Yolanda, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot fourth-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8905 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff The Home Depot - VP, IR * Frank Blake The Home Depot - Chairman and CEO * Craig Menear The Home Depot - SVP, Merchandising * Carol Tome The Home Depot - CFO, EVP - Corporate Services * Mark Holifield The Home Depot - VP - Supply ChainConference Call Participants* Dan Binder Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Christopher Horver JPMorgan Chase - Analyst * Mitch Kaiser Piper Jaffray & Company - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Michael Lasser Lehman Brothers - Analyst * David Strasser Banc of America - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research - Analyst * Gregory Melich Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot second quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, THE HOME DEPOT: Thank you, Augusta and good morning to everyone. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot. Craig Menear
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8788 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot second quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, THE HOME DEPOT: Thank you, Augusta and good morning to everyone. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot. Craig Menear Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks the call will be opened for analysts questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder we would appreciate if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow up, please.This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet with Home Depot.com, with links on the home page and the investor relations sections. The reply will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question this morning during the call, please call Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.&nbsp;Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8544 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff Home Depot Inc. - VP, IR * Frank Blake Home Depot Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Craig Menear Home Depot Inc. - EVP, Merchandising * Carol Tome Home Depot Inc. - CFO & EVP, Corporate Services * Matt Carey Home Depot Inc. - EVP & CIO * Marvin Ellison Home Depot Inc. - EVP, US StoresConference Call Participants* Maggie Gilliam Gilliam & Co. - Analyst * Stephen Chick FBR - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Scot Ciccarelli RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Mike Baker Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Gary Balter Credit Suisse - Analyst * Dan Binder Jefferies - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James - Analyst * Chris Horvers JPMorgan - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research Company - Analyst * Gregory Melich Morgan Stanley - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot second-quarter earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, HOME DEPOT INC.: Thank you, Augusta, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot second-quarter earnings conference call.
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9150 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff Home Depot Inc - VP IR * Frank Blake Home Depot Inc - Chairman and CEO * Craig Menear Home Depot Inc - EVP Merchandising * Carol Tome Home Depot Inc - CFO and EVP Corporate Services * Marvin Ellison Home Depot Inc - EVP of US storesConference Call Participants* Peter Benedict Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Chris Horvers JPMorgan - Analyst * David Schick Stifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst * Gary Balter Credit Suisse - Analyst * Michael Lasser Barclays Capital - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Sanford C. Bernstein & Company - Analyst * Stephen Chick FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Alan Rifkin Bank of America - Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Scott Ciccarelli RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * T.J. McConville Raymond James - Analyst * William Truelove UBS - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call.Today's conference is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Joseph. And
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9392 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane DayhoffThe Home Depot, Inc. - VP, IR* Frank BlakeThe Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Craig MenearThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, Merchandising* Carol TomeThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP & CFO* Marvin EllisonThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, US StoresConference Call Participants* Chris HorversJPMorgan - Analyst* Colin McGranahanSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Brian NagelOppenheimer & Co. - Analyst* Michael LasserUBS - Analyst* David StrasserJanney Capital Markets - Analyst* Mike BakerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Dennis McGillZelman & Associates - Analyst* Scot CiccarelliRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Dan BinderJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Greg HesslerBank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Eric BosshardCleveland Research Company - Analyst* TJ McConvilleRaymond James - Analyst* David SchickStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* Kate McShaneCiti Investment Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Just a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Vicky and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9570 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane DayhoffThe Home Depot, Inc. - SVP, IR* Frank BlakeThe Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Craig MenearThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, Merchandising* Carol TomeThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, Corporate Services and CFO* Marvin EllisonThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, US Stores* Mark HolifieldThe Home Depot, Inc. - SVP, Supply Chain&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Colin McGranahanSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Christopher HorversJPMorgan - Analyst* Wayne HoodBMO Capital - Analyst* Eric BosshardCleveland Research Company - Analyst* Dennis McGillZelman & Associates - Analyst* Laura ChampineCollins Stewart - Analyst* Alan RifkinBarclays Capital - Analyst* Brian NagelOppenheimer - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* Scot CiccarelliRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Matthew FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* TJ McConvilleRaymond James - Analyst* Mike BakerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* David GoberMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot fourth-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions).Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, SVP, IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Dave, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to The Home Depot third-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8523 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane DayhoffThe Home Depot, Inc. - VP IR* Frank BlakeThe Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Craig MenearThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP Merchandising* Carol TomeThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP Corporate Services, CFO* Marvin EllisonThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP U.S. StoresConference Call Participants* Dan Binder&nbsp;Jefferies & Co. - Analyst* Budd BugatchRaymond James - Analyst* Aram RubinsonNomura Securities - Analyst* Kate McShaneCitigroup - Analyst* Colin McGranahanSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Christopher HorversJPMorgan - Analyst* Alan RifkinBarclays Capital - Analyst* Matthew FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* David SchickStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Michael LasserUBS - Analyst* Scot CiccarelliRBC Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions)Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Alicia, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to The Home Depot's second-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9588 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane DayhoffThe Home Depot, Inc. - VP, IR* Frank BlakeThe Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Craig MenearThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, Merchandising* Carol TomeThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, Corporate Services & CFO* Marvin EllisonThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP, U.S. StoresConference Call Participants* Colin McGranahan&nbsp;Sanford Bernstein - Analyst* Peter BenedictRobert W. Baird - Analyst* Dan BinderJefferies & Company - Analyst* Michael LasserUBS - Analyst* TJ McConvilleRaymond James - Analyst* Laura ChampineCanaccord Genuity - Analyst* Eric BosshardCleveland Research - Analyst* Gary BalterCredit Suisse - Analyst* Scot CiccarelliRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Mike BakerDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Matt FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Dennis McGillZelman & Associates - Analyst* David GoberMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Chris HorversJPMorgan - Analyst* Alan RifkinBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot third-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions)Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Vicki, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9052 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff Home Depot, Inc. - SVP of IR * Frank Blake Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman, CEO * Craig Menear Home Depot, Inc. - EVP of Merchandising * Mark Holyfield Home Depot, Inc. - SVP of Supply Chain * Carol Tome Home Depot, Inc. - CFO, PAOConference Call Participants* Steve Chick J.P. Morgan - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Eric Bosshard Cleveland Research Co. - Analyst * Danielle Fox Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Todd Duvick Banc of America - Analyst * David Schick Stifel Nicholaus & Co. - Analyst * Budd Bugatch Raymond James - Analyst * Chris Horvers Bear Stearns - Analyst * Gregory Mallic Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to today's Home Depot conference call. Good day everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot fourth-quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;Beginning today's discussion is Miss Diane Dayhoff , Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, SVP OF IR, HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you Matt, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot fourth-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8931 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to today's Home Depot conference call. Good day everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot fourth-quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.Beginning today's discussion is Miss Diane Dayhoff , Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please goDIANE DAYHOFF, SVP OF IR, HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you Matt, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot fourth-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot, Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising, Mark Holyfield, Senior Vice President of Supply Chain and counsel made Chief Financial Officer.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the Internet at www.homedepot.com with links on both our homepage and invest relation section. The replay also will be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our investor relations department at 770-384-2387.&nbsp;Before I turn
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9470 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane Dayhoff Home Depot Inc - SVP of Investor Relations * Frank Blake Home Depot Inc - Chairman and CEO * Craig Menear Home Depot Inc - EVP of Merchandising * Paul Raines Home Depot Inc - EVP, U.S. Stores * Carol Tom Home Depot Inc - CFO * Mark Holifield Home Depot Inc - SVP, Supply ChainConference Call Participants* Deborah Weinswig Citigroup - Analyst * Wayne Hood BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * David Strasser Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Michael Lasser Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Colin McGranahan Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Matthew Fassler Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bud Bugatch Raymond James - Analyst * Greg Melich Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Mike Baker Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Daniel Binder Jefferies & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot first quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.Beginning today's discussion is Miss Diane Dayhoff, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, SVP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot first quarter earnings conference
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9355 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot first quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.Beginning today's discussion is Miss Diane Dayhoff, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, SVP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot first quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising; Paul Raines, Executive Vice President, U.S. Stores; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder we would really appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the internet at the homedepot.com with links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. A replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.&nbsp;Before I turn the
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9408 wordsCorporate Participants* Diane DayhoffThe Home Depot, Inc. - VP, IR* Frank BlakeThe Home Depot, Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Craig MenearThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP of Merchandising* Carol TomeThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP of Corporate Services, CFO* Marvin EllisonThe Home Depot, Inc. - EVP of U.S. Stores* Mark HolifieldThe Home Depot, Inc. - SVP of Supply Chain&nbsp;Conference Call Participants* Gary BalterCredit Suisse - Analyst* Christopher HorversJPMorgan - Analyst* Brian NagelOppenheimer - Analyst* Dan BinderJefferies - Analyst* Matthew FasslerGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Aram RubinsonWolfe Research - Analyst* Budd BugatchRaymond James - Analyst* Dennis McGillZelman & Associates - Analyst* Keith HughesSunTrust - Analyst* Kate McShaneCiti Research - Analyst* Michael LasserUBS - Analyst* Greg MelichISI Group - Analyst* Scot CiccarelliRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Eric BosshardCleveland Research Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). Beginning today's discussion, Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President, Investor Relations.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP, IR, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome,
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8658 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to today's Home Depot fourth-quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder today's call is being recorded.Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, SVP, IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Darrell, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot fourth-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on the call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO, Home Depot, Joe DeAngelo, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President, Craig Menear, Senior Vice President of Merchandising, and Carol Tom&eacute;, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Services.Today's discussion will begin with a review of our business by Frank. Craig will discuss our merchandising results. Joe will talk about our 2007 priorities and Home Depot Supply, and Carol will complete our prepared remarks with a discussion of our financial results. Following our brief discussion, the call will be open for questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please.This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the internet at Home Depot.com, with
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8657 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Home Depot first quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, SVP IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Kenda, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot first quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; Paul Raines, Executive Vice President, U.S. Stores; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President of Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the internet at HomeDepot.com with links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.&nbsp;Before I
Home Depot	LENGTH: 8212 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot second quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder today's call is being recorded.Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, SVP, IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot second quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks the call will be open for analysts questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please.&nbsp;This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet at HomeDepot.Com with links on both our homepage and the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387. Before I turn the call over to Frank let
Home Depot	LENGTH: 9273 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, SVP IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Audra, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot, Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising, Paul Raines, Executive Vice President of U.S. Stores and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate if participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow up, please. This conference is being broadcast real time on the internet at homedepot.com, with links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4048 wordsCorporate Participants* Tetsua Oshima Honda Motor Co Ltd - IR * Takanobu Ito Honda Motor Co Ltd - COO, Automobile Operations * Yukiteru Mori Honda Motor Co Ltd - Senior Research Engineer * Kohei Takeuchi Honda Motor Co Ltd - General Manager, Finance Division * Katsuro Suzuki Honda Motor Co Ltd - Senior Managing Director & Representative DirectorPresentationTETSUA OSHIMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda financial results audio presentation. On January 30, 2009 Honda Motor released its earnings press release and presentation material of the result of the fiscal third quarter ended December 30. Through this audio presentation we would like to review in summing up its financial result. We'd also like to discuss about the Company's revised guidance for the fiscal year 2009. PowerPoint presentation can be downloaded by clicking the picture of all-new Insight on the left side of this page.&nbsp;This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and [Security] 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on the management assumption and belief, taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4135 wordsCorporate Participants* Takanobu Ito Honda Motor Co Ltd - COO Automobile Operations * Katsuro Suzuki Honda Motor Co Ltd - Senior MD and Representative Director * Tetsua Oshima Honda Motor Co Ltd - IR * Kohei Takeuchi Honda Motor Co Ltd - GM of Finance * Ms. Haturi Honda Motor Co LtdPresentationTETSUA OSHIMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda financial result audio presentation. On April 27, 2009, Honda Motor released its financial result press release and presentation material of the fiscal year and fiscal fourth quarter ended March 2009. Through this audio presentation, we'd like to provide a comment on this financial result and discuss our major business activity for the period.We'd also like to share our Company's new earning guidance for the fiscal year 2010. PDF file for the presentation material can download by clicking picture of the all new Insight on the left side of this page. Did you find it?Okay, let's start.&nbsp;UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements, as defined in Section 27-A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21-E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 2814 wordsPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Welcome to the Honda financial results audio presentation. On July 31, 2013, Honda Motor Company announced its financial results for the fiscal first quarter, which ended on June 30, 2013. Through this audio presentation, we would like to review the financial results and highlight the major factors which influenced Honda's business operations during the period.The presentation material, which will serve as the basis for today's program, is available on Honda's investors relations website at world.Honda.com/investors. For those of you who have not yet downloaded the material, please do so now as we will start immediately following a forward-looking statement.Forward-looking statement. This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27-A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and Section 21-E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs taking into account information which is currently available.&nbsp;Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and US dollar, the euro and other major
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 6394 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning gentlemen. My name of Shay and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honda North America Third Quarter Earnings Announcement conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]This telephone conference contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on Management assumptions and management beliefs taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward looking statements as a result of numerous factors including general economic conditions and Honda's principal market and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies as well as other factors detailed from time to time, each item of the various factors for increase and decrease in profit as classified in accordance with the method that Honda considers reasonable. At this time it is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Oshima. Sir you may begin your conference.&nbsp;HIROSHI OSHIMA, COO, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Thank you. This
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 8213 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Janelle and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Honda Motors IR - investor relations call for the fourth quarter results.[OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]This IR conference contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it.Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar, the euro and other major currencies as well as other factors detailed from time to time. Each item of the various factors for increase and decrease in profit is classified in accordance with the method that Honda considers reasonable.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. [Oshima]. Sir, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;MR. OSHIMA, HONDA MOTOR CO., LTD.: Hi. This
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4097 wordsCorporate Participants* Koichi Kondo Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - EVP * Yoichi Hojo Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - COOPresentationKOICHI KONDO, EVP, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Good morning everyone. Welcome to Honda financial results audio presentation. On October 29, 2010, Honda Motor announced its financial results for the fiscal second-quarter ending September 30. Through this audio presentation, we would like to review the financial results and discuss the major drivers of Honda's business during the period.Honda also revised up its full year earning guidance, so we would also like to discuss the new earning guidance for the fiscal year ending March 2011. The earning press release and slide presentation materials were posted on the same website, so please click the link on the FIT Hybrid model, downloading these materials.Did you see it? Okay folks, let's start.&nbsp;This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it.Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward-looking statements
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4201 wordsPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE HONDA MOTOR CO., INVESTOR RELATIONS: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda's Financial Result Audio Presentation. On April 28 Honda Motor announced its financial result for the fiscal fourth quarter ended March 2011. Through this audio presentation we'd like to review the financial results and discuss the major drivers of Honda's business during the period. And please note that Honda is currently unable to reasonably calculate a forecast for the consolidated financial results for the fiscal six months ending September 2011 or for the fiscal year ending March 2012 due to the impact of the Great East Japan earthquake that occurred on March 11, 2011.Therefore, Honda will release the forecast as soon as they become available. The earnings press release for the fourth quarter and slide presentation material were posted on the website and for downloading presentation material, please click the link on the all new 2012 Civic Hybrid photo. Have you seen it? Okay let's get started.&nbsp;Now, I'd like to start with the financial summary for the fourth quarter ended March 2011. Please have a look at slide eight. Reviewing global economic environment during the quarter in the U.S., although the economic uncertainty continues with
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4855 wordsCorporate Participants* Fumihiko Ike Honda Motor Co. Ltd - Senior Managing Officer & COO, Business Management Operations * Kohei Takeuchi Honda Motor Co. Ltd - General Manager, Accounting DivisionPresentationFUMIHIKO IKE, SENIOR MANAGING OFFICER & COO, BUSINESS MANAGEMENT OPERATIONS, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda's financial results audio presentation. On August 1, 2011, Honda Motor announced its financial results for the fiscal first quarter ended June 30, 2011 and its earnings forecast for the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2012. Through this audio presentation we would like to review the financial results and discuss the major drivers of Honda's business during the period.//world.honda.com/investors/. So please download the presentation material before listening further. Please click the link on the Fit Shuttle Hybrid still photo to download the material. If you have already got the material at hand, let's get started.&nbsp;This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4633 wordsPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Welcome to the Honda financial results audio presentation. On April 27, 2012, Honda Motor Company announced its financial results for the fiscal fourth quarter, which ended on March 31, 2012.Through this audio presentation, we would like to review the financial results and highlight the major factors which influenced Honda's business operations during the period. The presentation material, which will serve as the basis for today's program, is available on Honda's Investor Relations website at http.//world.honda.com/investors. For those of you who have not yet downloaded the material, please do so now, as we will start immediately following a forward-looking statement.This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information which is currently available.Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, as a result of numerous factors including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro, and other major
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	FinalCorporate Participants* Tetsuo Oshima Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - IR * Koichi Kondo Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - EVP * Takanobu Ito Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - President and CEO * Osamu Takeuchi Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - General Manager, Finance DivisionPresentationTETSUO OSHIMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Honda's financial result audio presentation.On February 3, 2010 Honda Motor announced its financial result for the third quarter that ended December 31, 2009. Through this presentation, we'd like to summarize the result and highlight the Company's major business operation for the period. We would also like to discuss the Company's new earning guidance for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2010.We have posted presentation material on the Company's website and please click the banner of the new CLD model to download the files. If you're all set, we'd like to start.&nbsp;This morning your presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 5023 wordsCorporate Participants* Tetsua Oshima Honda Motor Company Ltd. - IR Manager * Daisuke Kawasaki Honda Motor Company Ltd. - Investor Relations * Takomi Suzuki Honda Motor Company Ltd. - Investor Relations * Yuki Hatori Honda Motor Company Ltd. - Investor Relations * Asako Suzuki Honda Motor Company Ltd. - General Manager of the Finance Division * Tsukasa Ito Honda Motor Company Ltd. - Investor RelationsPresentationTETSUA OSHIMA, IR MANAGER, HONDA MOTOR COMPANY LTD.: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Honda's financial results audio presentation. This is Oshima, manager of Honda Japan Investor Relations. On April 28, 2010, Honda motor announced its financial result of the fiscal fourth quarter that ended on March 31, 2010. Through this audio presentation, we would like to summarize the financial result and discuss the major driver of sales and profit for the period. We would also like to discuss the Company's earning guidance for the fiscal year 2011.&nbsp;I'd like to let you know that joining me today is Ms. [Asako Suzuki], General Manager of the Finance Division, and Honda's Investor Relation Officers, [Tsukasa Ito], [Yuki Hatori], [Takomi Suzuki], [Daisuke Kawasaki]. They will be speaking for this audio presentation. The slide presentation has been
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4657 wordsCorporate Participants* Tetsuo Oshima Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - IR * Daisuke Kawasaki Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - IR * Naoshi Yazaki Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - IR * Asako Suzuki Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - General Manager, Finance Division * Yuki Hatori Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - IRPresentationTETSUO OSHIMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Honda Motor fiscal year 2011 first-quarter earning result audio presentation. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Honda's financial result audio presentation. This is Oshima, Honda Japan, Investor Relation.On July 30, 2010, Honda Motor announced its financial result for the fiscal first quarter ended June 30. Through this audio presentation, we would like to recap the financial result and discuss the major driver of the business for the period. Honda also upgraded its full-year earning guidance, so we would like to also discuss the revised guidance for the fiscal year ending March 2011.I'd like to let you know that joining me today is Asako Suzuki, General Manager of Finance Division, and Honda Investor Relation Officers, [Naoshi Yazaki], [Yuki Hatori], Takumi Suzuki, Daisuke Kawasaki. They will be speaking for this audio presentation.&nbsp;The slide presentation material has been posted on the Company's website, and please
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4565 wordsCorporate Participants* Koichi Kondo Honda Motor Co. Ltd - EVP * Yoichi Hojo Honda Motor Co. Ltd - COO for Business Management OperationsPresentationKOICHI KONDO, EVP, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda financial results audio presentation.On January 31, 2011, Honda Motor announced its financial results for the fiscal third quarter ended December 31, 2010. Through this audio presentation cast, we would like to review the financial results and discuss the major drivers of Honda's business during the period. Honda also revised up its full-year earning guidance, so we would like to discuss the new earning guidance for the fiscal year ending March 2011.The earning press release and slide presentation were posted on the same website. And for downloading presentation materials, please click the link on the new 2012 Civic four-door photo. Did you find it? Okay. Folks, let's start.Now, I would like to start with financial highlight for the quarter. Please have a look at the slide three, reviewing global economic environment during the quarter in the US market.&nbsp;Although there were some signs of gradual economic recovery, such as consumer spending and capital spending continued to increase at a moderate rate, there are still concerns
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 3418 wordsCorporate Participants* Tetsuo IwamuraHonda Motor Co. Ltd. - Executive Vice President* Kohei TakeuchiHonda Motor Co. Ltd. - Chief Financial OfficerPresentationTETSUO IWAMURA, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Welcome to the Honda financial results audio presentation. On April 26, 2013, Honda Motor Company announced its financial results for the fiscal fourth quarter and full year, which ended on March 31, 2013. Through this audio presentation, we would like to review the financial results and highlight the major factors, which influenced Honda's business operations during the period.The presentation material which will serve as the basis for today's program is available on Honda's Investor Relations website at www.world.honda.com/investors. For those of you who have not yet downloaded the material, please do so now, as we will start immediately following a forward-looking statement.This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information which is currently available.&nbsp;Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 3421 wordsCorporate Participants* Koichi Kondo Honda Motor Co. Ltd - EVP * Takanobu Ito Honda Motor Co. Ltd - COO, Automobile Operations * Miss Hatori Honda Motor Co. Ltd * Mr. Mori Honda Motor Co. Ltd * Kohei Takeuchi Honda Motor Co. Ltd - General Manager, Finance Division * Mr. Okayama Honda Motor Co. Ltd * Tetsua Oshima Honda Motor Co. Ltd - Investor RelationsPresentationKOICHI KONDO, EVP, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda financial results audio presentation. On October 28, 2008, Honda Motor released its earnings press release and the presentation material for the results of the fiscal second quarter and the first half period ended September 30. Through this audio presentation, we'd like to share overview and have briefly recap the financial result, as well as Company's revised guidance for the fiscal year 2009. PowerPoint presentation can be downloadable from the website.&nbsp;This audio presentation contains forward-looking statement as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on the management assumption and belief, taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 3906 wordsCorporate Participants* Takanobu Ito Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - COO Automobile Operations * Kohei Takeuchi Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - GM Finance * Tetsua Oshima Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - IRPresentationTETSUA OSHIMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Good morning everyone and welcome to Honda financial result audio presentation. On July 29, 2009 Honda Motor announced its financial result for the fiscal first quarter ended June 30. Through this audio presentation, we would like to briefly recap these results and review and discuss our major business operations for the period.We'd also like to update the Company's new earning guidance for the fiscal year ending March 2010. The presentation material can be downloaded from the website, same website, just clicking the banner of all new Insight model pictures. Did you find it? Okay folks, let's start. Crystal.&nbsp;OPERATOR: This audio presentation contains forward looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4230 wordsCorporate Participants* Tetsua Oshima Honda Motor Co. Ltd - IR * Takanobu Ito Honda Motor Co. Ltd - COO, Automobile Operations * Kohei Takeuchi Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - General Manager, Finance DivisionPresentationTETSUA OSHIMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda financial result audio presentation.On October 27 2009, Honda Motor announced its financial result for the fiscal second quarter ended September 30. Through this audio presentation, we'd like to summarize the result and highlight the Company's major business operation for the period. We'd also like to discuss the Company's new earning guidance for the fiscal year ending March 2010.The presentation material can download from the same website address, just clicking the banner of the all new accurate ZDX model on the left side of the page. Did you see it? Okay, folks, let's start.&nbsp;OPERATOR: Thank you. This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended.Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4222 wordsPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda's financial results audio presentation. On October 31, 2011 Honda Motor announced its financial results for the fiscal second quarter ended March 31, 2012. Through this audio presentation, we would like to review the financial results and discuss the major factors affecting Honda's business during the period.Please note that Honda is currently unable to reasonably calculate forecasts of the consolidated financial results for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2012 due to the impact of flooding in Thailand. Therefore, Honda will release its forecasts as soon as they become available.We have posted presentation materials at Honda investor relations website at world.honda.com/investors/. So please download the presentation material before listening further by clicking the link on the all-new 2012 CRV door photo to download the material. If you have got the material ready at hand, let's get started.This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements, as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4325 wordsPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Welcome to the Honda results audio presentation. On January 31, 2012 Honda Motor announced its financial results for the fiscal third quarter ended December 31, 2011. Through this audio presentation, we would like to review the financial results, and discuss the major factors in Honda's business during the period.We have posted presentation materials at Honda Investor Relations website at http.//world.honda.com/investors/, so please download the presentation materials by clicking the link on the Acura NSX Concept photo. If you have got the material ready, let's get started.This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements, as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it.Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar and the euro, and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.The various factors
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 4213 wordsCorporate Participants* Fumihiko IkeHonda Motor Co. Ltd. - Senior Managing Officer and Director, Chief Financial Officer* Kohei TakeuchiHonda Motor Co. Ltd. - Operating Officer, General Manager of Accounting DivisionPresentationFUMIHIKO IKE, SENIOR MANAGING OFFICER AND DIRECTOR, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Welcome to the Honda financial results audio presentation. On October 29, 2012, Honda Motor Company announced its financial results for the fiscal second quarter, which ended on September 30, 2012. Through this audio presentation, we would like to review the financial results, and highlight the major factors which influenced Honda's business operations during the period.The presentation material, which will serve as the basis for today's program, is available on Honda's Investor Relations website at www.world.honda.com/investors. For those of you who have not yet downloaded the material, please do so now, as we will start immediately following a forward-looking statement.This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information which is currently available.&nbsp;Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could differ materially
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 8038 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Judith and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Honda third quarter earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).This conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined in section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in such statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn over to your host, Mr. [Tetsua Oshima]. Sir, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;TETSUA OSHIMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello. Good morning. This is Oshima of Honda Japan Investor Relations and good evening in Tokyo. We just announced Honda's third quarter earnings. And we'd like to have the telephone conference for the result of the
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 3774 wordsCorporate Participants* Koichi Kondo Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - EVP * Kohed Takiochi Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - General Manager, Finance * Yoichi Hojo Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - COO, Business Management Operations * Tetsua Oshima Honda Motor Co. Ltd. - IR * Taka Siggiyema Honda Motor Co. Ltd. * Takwe Morie Honda Motor Co. Ltd. * Miss. Hitori Honda Motor Co. Ltd.PresentationKOICHI KONDO, EVP, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda's financial result audio presentation. On April 25, Honda Motor released earnings result for the fiscal fourth quarter ended March 2008, and also announced fiscal year ending March 2009 earning forecast.&nbsp;Taking this opportunity, we'd like to share the overview of the financial and the business result, and also the new guidance for the fiscal 2009 over the next 30 to 40 minutes. Slide presentation material are also downloadable on this website.This audio presentation contain forward-looking statements, as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on the management assumption and the belief, taking into account information currently available to it.Therefore, please be advised that
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 3713 wordsKOICHI KONDO, EVP, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda's financial result audio presentation. On April 25, Honda Motor released earnings result for the fiscal fourth quarter ended March 2008, and also announced fiscal year ending March 2009 earning forecast.Taking this opportunity, we'd like to share the overview of the financial and the business result, and also the new guidance for the fiscal 2009 over the next 30 to 40 minutes. Slide presentation material are also downloadable on this website.This audio presentation contain forward-looking statements, as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on the management assumption and the belief, taking into account information currently available to it.Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual result could materially differ from these described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and the foreign exchange rate between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.&nbsp;Now, I like to start with outline
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 3460 wordsPresentationUNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Honda Financial Results audio presentation. On July 25, 2008, Honda Motor released its earnings press release and presentation material of the result of the fiscal first quarter ended June 30th. Through this audio presentation, we'd like to share the overview and briefly recap the financial results, as well as the Company's new guidance for fiscal 2009.PowerPoint material is available on the website on the same page. So please check it out. This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on the management assumption and belief taking into account information currently available to it.Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in the forward-looking statements as a result of the numerous factors, including general economic condition in Honda's principal market, and the foreign exchange rate between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar, the euro and other major currencies as well as other factors detailed from time to time.&nbsp;Now I'd like to start with a financial summary for
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 3511 wordsCorporate Participants* Tetsuo IwamuraHonda Motor Company Limited - EVP* Kohei TakeuchiHonda Motor Company Limited - Operating Officer and Director CFOPresentationTETSUO IWAMURA, EVP, HONDA MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED: Welcome to the Honda financial results audio presentation.On October 30, 2013 Honda Motor Company announced its financial results for the fiscal second quarter, which ended on September 30, 2013. Through this audio presentation, we would like to review the financial results and highlight the major factors which influenced Honda's business operations during the period.The presentation material, which will serve as the basis for today's program, is available on Honda's investor relations website at honda.com/investors. For those of you who have not yet downloaded the material, please do so now, as we will start immediately, following a forward-looking statement.Forward-looking statement. This audio presentation contained forward-looking statements, as defined in section 27a of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.&nbsp;Such statements are based on managements' assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information which is currently available. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 8209 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Sierra and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Honda third quarter earnings conference call. This telephone conference contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act 1934, as amended.Such statements are based on management assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could differ from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions, and Honda principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar, the euro, and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.The various factors for these increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a message that Honda considers reasonable. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. [Tetsua Oshima]. Sir, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;TETSUA OSHIMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO. LIMITED: Hi, this is Oshima at our Honda
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 7985 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Shauna and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honda fourth quarter investor relations conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent our background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS].This telephone conference call contains forward looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21A of the Securities Exchange Acts of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on management assumptions and beliefs taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, pleased be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward looking statements as a result of number of factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar, the euro and other major currencies as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.At this time I would now like to turn
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 8091 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. My name is Brianna and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honda's first quarter earnings investor relations conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Thank you.Please note the following forward-looking statements. This telephone conference contains forward-looking statements as defined in section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.Thank you. At this time I'd like to turn the floor over to your host, [Tetsua Oshima]. Sir, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;TETSUA OSHIMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hi. This is Oshima. Thanks for joining Honda's earnings investor relations call. Honda Japan just announced its
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	LENGTH: 6093 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Judith and I'll be your conference Operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honda Motor second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).This conference call contains forward looking statements as defined in Section 27a of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. And Section 21e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on Management assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it.Therefore, Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in such statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.&nbsp;Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Mr. [Taku Gitamora].TAKU GITAMORA, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining Honda's second quarter's earnings conference call. Honda
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 11288 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director of IR * Lanny Michael Intermec, Inc. - CFO * Pat Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President and CEO * Mike Wills Intermec, Inc. - SVP of Global Sales and ServiceConference Call Participants* Reik Read Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Tavis McCourt Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James - Analyst * Andrew Abrams Avian Securities - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Richard Davis Richard W. Davis & Co. - Analyst * Rick Lane Broadview Advisors - Analyst * Jeremy Grant Stanford Financial Group - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Hello, and welcome to the Intermec's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.) I would like to remind all parties this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Kevin McCarty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Thank you very much and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intermec's third quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call. With me on today's call is Intermec's
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10421 wordsCorporate Participants* Murray Grainger Honeywell - VP of Investor Relations * Dave Cote Honeywell - Chairman of the Board, CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Steven Winiker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Robert Stallard Macquarie Research Equities - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to today's Honeywell 2008 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. And for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Murray Grainger. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;MURRAY GRAINGER, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, HONEYWELL: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings conference call. With me here today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and Webcast including any nonGAAP reconciliations are available on our website, www.honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9972 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director of IR * Pat Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President and CEO * Bob Driessnack Intermec, Inc. - CFO * Mike Wills Intermec, Inc. - SVP of Global Sales and ServiceConference Call Participants* Tavis McCourt Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James - Analyst * Andy Yong Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Reik Read Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Chris Marangi Gabelli & Co - Analyst * Jeremy Grant Stanford Financial Group - Analyst * Andrew Abrams Avian Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Hello, and welcome to the Intermec's third (sic) quarter 2008 earnings call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Today's conference is also being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now I will turn the call over to your first speaker for today, Mr. Kevin McCarty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intermec's fourth quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings release conference call. With me on the call today are Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer Patrick Byrne, Chief Financial Officer Bob Driessnack, and joining us by phone,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9527 wordsCorporate Participants* Murray Grainger Honeywell - VP IR * Dave Cote Honeywell - Chairman, CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Alana Wood Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Honeywell Q1 2009 conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Murray Grainger, Vice President of Investor Relations.&nbsp;MURRAY GRAINGER, VP IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you, good morning and welcome to Honeywell's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me here today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and Webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website, www.honeywell.com/investor. Certain elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9577 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director of IR * Pat Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President and CEO * Robert Driessnack Intermec, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Reik Read Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - Analyst * Tavis McCourt Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kevin McCarty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intermec's first quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings release conference call. With me on the call today are Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer Patrick Byrne, Chief Financial Officer Bob Driessnack. In a moment Pat will discuss our quarterly overview, and Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance. Subsequent to those discussions we will begin
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9379 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena DoomHoneywell International Inc. - VP of IR* Dave CoteHoneywell International Inc. - Chairman and CEO* Dave AndersonHoneywell International Inc. - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Steven WinokerSanford C. Bernstein - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst&nbsp;* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Andrew ObinBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Peter ArmentSterne, Agee & Leach - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Honeywell's second-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations.ELENA DOOM, VP OF IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Good morning. Thank you, Zach. Welcome to Honeywell's second-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson.Today's call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at Honeywell.com/investors.Note that elements of today's presentation contain forward-looking
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9005 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell fourth quarter 2005 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Nick Noviello.NICK NOVIELLO, DIRECTOR, IR, HONEYWELL: Good morning. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website, www.honeywell.cop. Elements of this call contain forward-looking statements. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them that in that light. This morning we'll update you on financial results for fourth quarter and full year 2005 as well as our current view on 2006 and, of course, allow time for your questions. With that I will turn the presentation over to Dave Cote. Dave.&nbsp;DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Well, it's fun to talk about a very good fourth quarter in a very good year with the prospects of an even better year. The fourth quarter was a very nice wrap up to a very successful year for Honeywell, and in the fourth quarter in fact, we increased sales by 10%, grew EPS by 27%, and increased our cash flow
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 8969 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the Intermec fourth quarter and full-year 2005 conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] It is now my pleasure to turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Kevin McCarty, Director of Investor Relations and Analysis. Thank you, sir, you may begin your conference.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIR. IR, INTERMEC INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intermec's fourth quarter fiscal year 2005 earnings release conference call. Joining me on the call this afternoon is Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Winter, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Rick Anderson, Controller and Acting Chief Financial Officer.Once we conclude our remarks this afternoon, we will open up the call for our question and answer period.Before we begin our prepared remarks, I wish to remind investors that statements made during the course of this conference call that express the Company's or Management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations, or predictions for the future, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.&nbsp;It's also important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9029 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Louann and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell first-quarter earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. INSTRUCTIONS). I will now turn the call over to Mr. Nicholas Noviello, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.NICK NOVIELLO, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL: Thank you, Louann. Good morning. This is Nick Noviello, Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. Welcome to our first-quarter earnings conference call. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website, www.Honeywell.com/investor.Elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.&nbsp;This morning, we will update you on first-quarter results and our outlook for 2006 and of course allow time for your questions. With that, let me
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 8953 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the Intermec first quarter 2006 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. Should anyone object, they may disconnect at this time.It is now my pleasure to turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Kevin McCarty. Sir, you may begin your conference.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS AND ANALYSIS, INTERMEC, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intermec's first quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings release conference call. Joining me on the call this afternoon is Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Winter, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Rick Anderson, Controller and acting Chief Financial Officer. Once we conclude our remarks this afternoon, we will open up the call for our question-and-answer period.&nbsp;Before we begin our prepared remarks, I wish to remind investors that statements made during the course of this conference call that express the Company's or management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9049 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell second quarter earnings release conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Nick Noviello, Vice President of Investor Relations.NICK NOVIELLO, VP, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you, Marvin. Good morning. This is Nick Noviello. With me today are Chairman and CEO Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO Dave Anderson. This call and Web cast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our Web site www.honeywell.com/Investor. Elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning, we'll update you on financial results for the second quarter and our outlook for 2006 and of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the presentation over to Dave Cote. Dave?&nbsp;DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Nick. Good morning, all. Well, it is more good news from Honeywell! Financial performance continues to be strong. Sales were up 12%, $7.9 billion with $188 million of segment profit growth. That
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10444 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon and welcome to the second quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. After the presentation we will conduct a question and answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] At the request of the company, this conference is being recorded for playback purposes. It is now my pleasure to turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Kevin McCarty. Sir, you may begin your conference.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIR IR, INTERMEC INC.: Thank you very much. Good afternoon everyone. We appreciate you joining this afternoon as we discuss Intermec's second quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings release. Joining me on the call this afternoon is Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Winter, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Rick Anderson, Controller and Acting Chief Financial Officer.Once we conclude our remarks this afternoon we will open the call for our question and answer period. Before we begin our prepared remarks, I wish to remind investors that statements made during the course of this conference call that express the company's or management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations or predictions for the future are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained within
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 8353 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Casey, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell third quarter earnings release conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Nick Noviello, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.NICK NOVIELLO, DIRECTOR IR, HONEYWELL: Good morning everyone. This is Nick Noviello. With me today our Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior VP and CFO, Dave Anderson. Welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website, www.Honeywell.com/investor.Elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.&nbsp;This morning we will update you on financial results for the third quarter, our outlook on '06, gives some preliminary views on '07, and of course allow time for your questions. With that, I will turn the presentation over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Well things feel pretty darn good at
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 8215 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon and welcome to the Q3 2006 Intermec earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today, Mr. Kevin McCarty. Sir, you may begin.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIR IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Good afternoon everyone. We appreciate you joining us this afternoon as we discuss Intermec's third quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings release. Joining me on the call this afternoon is Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Winter, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Lanny Michael, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Once we conclude our remarks this afternoon we will open up the call for our question and answer period.&nbsp;Before we begin those prepared remarks I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course of this conference call include forward-looking statements, which express the Company's or management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations or predictions for the future as of today. These include statements about the Company's fourth quarter fiscal year 2006 revenue outlook, operating objectives and the potential timing and financial effects of cost reduction and restructuring initiatives. Actual results may differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10013 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Lou Ann, and I'll be your conference facilitator today.At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell second quarter 2005 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator instructions] Thank you.I will now turn the call over to Mr. Nicholas Noviello, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.&nbsp;NICK NOVIELLO, DIRECTOR IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL, INC.: Thank you, Lou Ann. Good morning.This is Nick Noviello, Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior VP and CFO, Dave Anderson. Welcome to Honeywell's second quarter earnings conference call.This call and Webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our Web site, www.honeywell.com/investor.Elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we'll update you on second quarter results as well as the outlook for '05 and allow time for your questions.With that, let me turn over
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10916 wordsOPERATOR: I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell third quarter 2005 earnings conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Nicholas Noviello, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;NICK NOVIELLO, DIRECTOR, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you. Good morning. This is Nick Noviello. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and SVP and CFO, Dave Anderson. Welcome to Honeywell's third quarter earnings conference call. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website, www.honeywell.com/investor. Elements of this call presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we'll update you on third quarter results, the outlook for 2005, and some preliminary thoughts on 2006, and of course allow time for your questions. With that I will turn the presentation over to Dave Cote. Dave.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Nick. Well, it's great to get a chance to talk to you this morning and to come to you with such great news again. The third quarter
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 11269 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena Doom Honeywell - VP IR * Dave Cote Honeywell - Chairman, CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research Partners - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Honeywell Q2 2010 conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Elena Doom, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;ELENA DOOM, VP IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you Michelle. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and Webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor.Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10960 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena Doom Honeywell International Inc. - VP IR * Dave Cote Honeywell International Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell International Inc. - CFO, SVPConference Call Participants* Jeff Sprague Vertical Research Partners - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * John Inch BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Nomura Securities International Inc. - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Honeywell's third quarter 2010 conference call. Just a reminder that today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Doom, please go ahead.ELENA DOOM, VP IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and Webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor.Note that elements of this
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 6681 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - VP, Corporate Development & IR * Patrick Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President, CEO * Bob Dreissnack Intermec, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Chuck Murphy Sidoti and Company - Analyst * Andrew Abrams Avian Securities - Analyst * Matt McKee Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Ajit Pai Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Richard Davis Richard Davis & Company - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question and answer session of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I'd now like to inform all parties this call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I will now introduce Mr. Kevin McCarty, Vice President of Corporate Development. You may begin, sir.&nbsp;KEVIN MCCARTY, VP, CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT & IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Great. Thanks, Lori, and good afternoon everyone and welcome to Intermec's third quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release conference call. With me on the call this afternoon are Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne; and our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Dreissnack. In just a moment, Pat will discuss
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10056 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Matthew, and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to Honeywell's third quarter 2004 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star, then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question press star, then the number two. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Nicholas Noviello, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.NICK NOVIELLO, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL, INC.: Excellent. Thank you, Matthew. Good morning. This is Nick Noviello, Director Investor Relations. With me today are Chairman and CEO Dave Cote, and Senior VP and CFO, Dave Anderson. Welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call.&nbsp;This call and Web cast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our Web site, www.honeywell.com/investor.Elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9980 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Judy and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell fourth quarter 2004 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time simply press star then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question press the pound key. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Nicholas Noviello, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;NICK NOVIELLO, DIRECTOR INVESTOR RELATIONS, HONEYWELL INT'L INC: Thank you, Judy. Good morning, this is Nick Noviello, Director Investor Relations. With me today are Chairman and CEO Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO Dave Anderson. Welcome to our 2004 fourth quarter and year-end conference call. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website, www.honeywell.com slash investor. Elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9587 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Judy and I will be your conference facilitator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell first quarter 2005 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Nicholas Noviello, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.NICHOLAS NOVIELLO, DIRECTOR IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thank you, Judy. Good morning. This is Nick Noviello. With me today are Chairman and CEO Dave Cote, and Senior VP and CFO Dave Anderson. Welcome to Honeywell's first quarter earnings conference call.&nbsp;This call and Web cast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our Web site, www.Honeywell.com/investor.Elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we'll update you on Q1 results as well as the outlook for '05 and allow time for your questions. With that, let me turn the presentation
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9228 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena DoomHoneywell International Inc. - VP, IR* Dave CoteHoneywell International Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Dave AndersonHoneywell International Inc. - SVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research - Analyst* Peter ArmentSterne, Agee & Leach - Analyst* Deane DrayCiti - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Steven WinokerSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Batan Khana- AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Honeywell's first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Elena Doom, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.ELENA DOOM, VP, IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson.This call and this webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9247 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena DoomHoneywell International, Inc. - VP of IR* Dave CoteHoneywell International, Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Dave AndersonHoneywell International, Inc. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays - Analyst* Peter ArmentSterne, Agee - Analyst* Steven Winoker&nbsp;Sanford Bernstein - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Honeywell second-quarter 2012 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.ELENA DOOM, VP OF IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL, INC.: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning and welcome to Honeywell's second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson.This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor.We want you to know that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	FinalCorporate Participants* Elena Doom Honelywell - VP, IR * Dave Cote Honeywell - CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell - CFOConference Call Participants* Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analysst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Barclay's - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citi - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the Honeywell fourth quarter and full year 2009 conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;ELENA DOOM, VP, IR, HONELYWELL: Hi, thank you Cecilia. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. Here with me today our Chairman and CEO Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our web site at www.honeywell.com/investor.Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we view them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light . This morning we will review our
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	FinalCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director, IR * Patrick Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President, CEO * Bob Dreissnack Intermec, Inc. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Chuck Murphy Sidoti & Company - Analyst * Reik Read Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc - Analyst * Tavis McCourt Morgan Keegan & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Andrew Abrams Avian Securities - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Unidentified Participant - Analyst * Jay Meier Feltl & Company - Analyst * Rick Lane - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions). Now I would like to turn the meeting over to Kevin McCarty, you may begin.&nbsp;KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR, IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Great, thank you very much, Bobbie. Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to welcome to Intermec's fourth quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings release conference call. With me on the call this afternoon, is Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne, and our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Driessnack. in a moment, Pat will discuss our quarterly overview, and Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance. Subsequent to those discussions, we will begin our question-and-answer period. Today's discussions will include predictions,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10006 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena Doom Honeywell - VP IR * Dave Cote Honeywell - Chairman, CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Steve Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Inch BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Peter Arment Broadpoint Gleacher - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Co - Analyst * Chris Glynn Oppenheimer & Co - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Honeywell first quarter 2010 conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Elena Doom. Please go ahead.&nbsp;ELENA DOOM, VP IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and Webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor.Please note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 7201 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc - Director of IR and Analysis * Patrick Byrne Intermec, Inc - President, CEO * Bob Dreissnack Intermec, Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Reik Read Robert Baird & Company - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James - Analyst * Jay Meier Feltl & Company - Analyst * Chris Marangi Gabelli & Company - Analyst * Tavis McCourt Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question and answer portion. (Operation instructions). Today's conference is also being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Kevin McCarty. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR AND ANALYSIS, INTERMEC, INC: Great. Thank you very much. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Intermec's first quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release conference call. With me on the call this afternoon is Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne, and our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Dreissnack. In a moment Pat will discuss our quarterly overview, and Bob
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 7201 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc - Director of IR and Analysis * Patrick Byrne Intermec, Inc - President, CEO * Bob Dreissnack Intermec, Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Reik Read Robert Baird & Company - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James - Analyst * Jay Meier Feltl & Company - Analyst * Chris Marangi Gabelli & Company - Analyst * Tavis McCourt Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question and answer portion. (Operation instructions). Today's conference is also being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Kevin McCarty. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR AND ANALYSIS, INTERMEC, INC: Great. Thank you very much. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Intermec's first quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release conference call. With me on the call this afternoon is Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne, and our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Dreissnack. In a moment Pat will discuss our quarterly overview, and Bob
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 8206 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - VP Corporate Development & IR * Patrick Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President, CEO * Bob Dreissnack Intermec, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Reik Read Robert Baird and Company - Analyst * Chuck Murphy Sidoti and Company - Analyst * Tavis McCourt Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Ajit Pai Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James and Associates - Analyst * Andrew Abrams Avian Securities - Analyst * Chris Marangi Gabelli and Company - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you all for standing by and welcome to today's conference call. At this time your lines have been placed on listen-only for today's conference. (Operator instructions). The conference is being recorded today. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.&nbsp;I will now turn our call over to Mr. Kevin McCarty, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Mr. McCarty, you may proceed.KEVIN MCCARTY, VP CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT & IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Thank you very much, Jill, and good afternoon everyone and welcome to Intermec's second-quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release conference call. With me on the call this afternoon is Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 11055 wordsCorporate Participants* Dave Anderson Honeywell Intl Inc - CFO & Senior VP * Elena Doom Honeywell Intl Inc - VP IR * Dave Cote Honeywell Intl Inc - Chairman & CEOConference Call Participants* John Inch Merril Lynch - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research Partners - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Nomura Securities - Analyst * Peter Arment Gleacher & Co - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to the Honeywell Q4 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations, please go ahead.&nbsp;ELENA DOOM, VP IR, HONEYWELL INTL INC: Thank you, Deanna. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's fourth quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and Webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of today's presentation contain forward-looking statements that are
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 5573 wordsCorporate Participants* Robert Dreissnack Intermec, Inc. - SVP/CFO * Patrick Byrne Intermec, Inc. - Pres./CEO * Bob Dreissnack Intermec, Inc. - SVP/CFO * Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director of IR & Analysis * Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director of IR & AnalysisConference Call Participants* Charles Murphy Sidoti & Company - Analyst * Andrew Abrams Avian Securities - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James & Associates - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions)&nbsp;I would like to turn the call over to Kevin McCarty.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR & ANALYSIS, INTERMEC, INC.: Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to Intermec's fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 earnings release, conference call. With me on the call this afternoon are Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne, and Chief Financial Officer, Robert Dreissnack. In just a moment, Pat will discuss our quarterly overview and Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and discuss our first quarter guidance. Subsequent to those discussions, we will begin our question-and-answer period.Today's discussion may include predictions, estimates, and other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, some of these statements that
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9736 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena Doom Honeywell International Inc. - VP of IR * Dave Cote Honeywell International Inc. - Chairman and CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell International Inc. - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * John Inch BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Vertical Research Partners - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Bob Cornell Barclays Capital - Analyst * Ajay Kejriwal FBR Capital Markets - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Honeywell first-quarter earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Elena Doom, Vice President Investor Relations. You may begin.ELENA DOOM, VP OF IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 2701 wordsCorporate Participants* Dan EvansIntermec Inc - IR* Allen LauerIntermec Inc - Chairman & CEO* Robert DreissnackIntermec Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Keith HousumNorth Coast Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Intermec Third Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions).This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, November 1 of 2012 and I would like to turn the conference over to Dan Evans at this time. Please go ahead, sir.DAN EVANS, IR, INTERMEC INC: Thank you, Britney. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intermec's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this afternoon are Intermec's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Allen J. Lauer and Chief Financial Officer, Robert Dreissnack. Following our prepared remarks, we'll begin a question and answer session.&nbsp;Today's call will include forward-looking statements. These statements will include, for example, statements about Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as its strategic and operating plans. A number of risks and uncertainties could cause Intermec's actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9927 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena DoomHoneywell International Inc. - VP IR* Dave CoteHoneywell International Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Dave AndersonHoneywell International Inc. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Steve WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst&nbsp;* Howard RubelJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* John InchDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Honeywell's fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations.ELENA DOOM, VP IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's fourth-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO Dave Anderson.This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor. Please note that elements of today's presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9601 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena DoomHoneywell International Inc. - VP IR* Dave CoteHoneywell International Inc. - Chairman, CEO* Dave AndersonHoneywell International Inc. - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Peter ArmentSterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Steve Winoker&nbsp;Sanford C. Bernstein & Company - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Co. - Analyst* John InchDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Honeywell's first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode, and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations.ELENA DOOM, VP IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thank you, Leo, and good morning. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. Today's call and webcast, including in non-GAAP reconciliations, are available at our website, honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 11376 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director of IR * Patrick Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President and CEO * Lanny Michael Intermec, Inc. - CFO and SVP * Mike Wills Intermec, Inc. - SVP Global Sales and ServiceConference Call Participants* Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - Analyst * Andrew Abrams Avian Securities - Analyst * Jeremy Grant Stanford Group Company - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Chuck McPatterson Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Reik Read Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James & Associates - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Intermec conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.&nbsp;And, now, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kevin McCarty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may beginKEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Great. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intermec's second quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call.With me on the call today is Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne, Chief Financial Officer, Lanny Michael, and joining us on the phone is Mike Wills, our Senior Vice President
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 11271 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Intermec conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.) Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.And, now, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kevin McCarty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may beginKEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Great. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intermec's second quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings conference call.With me on the call today is Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne, Chief Financial Officer, Lanny Michael, and joining us on the phone is Mike Wills, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Service.&nbsp;As usual, we will begin with some prepared remarks, and then subsequent to that we will take questions from the participants on the call.Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plan, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 11726 wordsCorporate Participants* Murray Grainger Honeywell - VP, IR * Dave Cote Honeywell - Chairman, CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citi - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Company - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Honeywell third quarter conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Murray Grainger. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;MURRAY GRAINGER, VP, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Welcome to Honeywell's Third Quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me here today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website www.Honeywell.Com/investor. Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best deals of world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask you interpret them in that light.This morning we will review our
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 11655 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Honeywell third quarter conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the conference over to Murray Grainger. Please go ahead, sir.MURRAY GRAINGER, VP, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Welcome to Honeywell's Third Quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me here today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website www.Honeywell.Com/investor. Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best deals of world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask you interpret them in that light.This morning we will review our financial results for the third quarter, our expectations for the remainder of the year and some initial color on 2009 and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?&nbsp;DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, despite tougher economic conditions I'm pleased to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10210 wordsCorporate Participants* Murray Grainger Honeywell - VP, IR * Dave Cote Honeywell - Chairman, CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Barclays Capital - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citi Investment Research - Analyst * Robert Stallard Macquarie Researh Equities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Honeywell second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I'd like to turn the conference over to Murray Grainger, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.&nbsp;MURRAY GRAINGER, VP, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. We are here today with Chairman and CEO Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website www.honeywell.com/investor. The elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we could ask that you interpret them in that
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10537 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director, IR * Pat Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President and CEO * Bob Driessnack Intermec, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Reik Read Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James & Assoc. - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Eli Lustgarten Longbow Research - Analyst * Andrew Abrams Avian Securities - Analyst * Justin Patterson Morgan Keegan & Co. - Analyst * Chuck Murphy Sidoti & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Hello and welcome to Intermec's second quarter 2009 earnings call. All lines have been placed in a listen-only mode until the question and answer session. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Kevin McCarty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR, IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Thank you, Kim. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intermec's second quarter fiscal year 2009 earnings release conference call.With me on the call today is Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne, and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bob Driessnack.In a moment, Pat will
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 11090 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena Doom Honeywell - VP - IR * Dave Cote Honeywell - Chairman, CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Shannon O'Callaghan Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Steve Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Co - Analyst * Steve Tusa JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day and welcome to today's Honeywell third quarter 2009 conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Ms. Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Doom, please go ahead.ELENA DOOM, VP - IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call's webcast including a non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor.Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. These elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 7363 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director of IR * Pat Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President and CEO * Bob Driessnack Intermec, Inc. - CFOConference Call Participants* Reik Read Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Ajit Pai Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Justin Patterson Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Andrew Abrams Avian Securities - Analyst * Shaun Vincent Feltl & Co, - Analyst&Acirc;&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Hello, and welcome to the Intermec Second Quarter 2008 (sic - see Press Release) Earnings Call. All participants are at this time in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) Today's conference is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time.&nbsp;Now I'd like to go ahead and turn today's call over to Kevin McCarty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Great. Thanks, Julie. And good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Intermec's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call.With me on the call this afternoon is Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne, and our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Driessnack. In a moment, Pat will discuss our quarterly
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10145 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena Doom Honeywell International Inc. - IR * Dave Cote Honeywell International Inc. - Chairman & CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell International Inc. - SVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Jeffrey Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * Steven Winoker Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * John Inch BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Nomura Securities International, Inc. - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Co. - Analyst * Christopher Glynn Oppenheimer & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Honeywell second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations.ELENA DOOM, IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thank you, Javon. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor.Note that elements
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10500 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena DoomHoneywell International Inc. - VP of IR* Dave CoteHoneywell International Inc. - Chairman and CEO* Dave AndersonHoneywell International Inc. - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Company - Analyst* John InchBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura Securities International - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Honeywell third-quarter 2011 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow. At that time, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.ELENA DOOM, VP OF IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, and welcome to Honeywell's third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson.This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10803 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena DoomHoneywell - IR* Dave CoteHoneywell - Chairman & CEO* Dave AndersonHoneywell - SVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Steven WinokerSanford Bernstein - Analyst* John InchBank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Deane DrayCitigroup - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan Chase - Analyst* Nigel CoeDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Honeywell fourth-quarter 2011 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. We ask at that time that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host, Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations.ELENA DOOM, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's fourth-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor.We ask that you note that elements of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 7568 wordsCorporate Participants* Dan EvansIntermec Inc - SVP, IR* Patrick ByrneIntermec Inc - President, CEO* Bob DreissnackIntermec Inc - SVP, CFO* Jim McDonnellIntermec Inc - SVP, Global SalesConference Call Participants* Andrew AbramsAvian Securities - Analyst* Tavis McCourtMorgan Keegan & Co., Inc. - Analyst* Keith HousumNorthcoast Research - Analyst* Chris QuiltyRaymond James & Associates - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Intermec's Q4 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. During today's presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, February 2, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Senior Director of Investor Relations Dan Evans. Please go ahead.DAN EVANS, SVP, IR, INTERMEC INC: Thank you, Christina. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Intermec's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me on the call this afternoon are Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Pat Byrne; Chief Financial Officer, Bob Dreissnack -- and Jim McDonnell, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales, will be available during Q & A. Following our prepared remarks we'll begin a question-and-answer
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 4340 wordsCorporate Participants* Dan EvansIntermec Inc - IR* Allen LauerIntermec Inc - Chairman and Interim CEO* Robert DreissnackIntermec Inc - CFOConference Call Participants* Tavis McCourtRaymond James & Associates - Analyst* John BartNorthcoast Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Intermec Q2 2012 financial results conference call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions.(Operator Instructions)This conference is being recorded today, August 2, 2012, and I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Evans. Please go ahead.&nbsp;DAN EVANS, IR, INTERMEC INC: Thank you, Amerilis. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to Intermec's second quarter 2012 earnings call. With me on the call this afternoon are Intermec's Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Allen J. Lauer, and Chief Financial Officer, Robert Driessnack. Following our prepared remarks, we will begin a question-and-answer session.Today's call will include forward-looking statements. These statements will include, for example, statements about Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as it's strategic and operating plans. A number of risks and uncertainties could cause Intermec's actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9652 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena DoomHoneywell International Inc. - VP of IR* Dave CoteHoneywell International Inc. - Chairman & CEO* Dave AndersonHoneywell International Inc. - SVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Steven WinokerSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst&nbsp;* Shannon O'CallaghanNomura - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Honeywell third-quarter 2012 conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.ELENA DOOM, VP OF IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's third-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson.This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor.We ask you to note that elements of this presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9225 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. I will be your conference Operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to Honeywell's Q4 2007 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question per caller. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Murray Grainger, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.MURRAY GRAINGER, VP, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings conference call. With me here today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website www.Honeywell.com/investor. Note the elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, we would ask that you interpret them in that light.&nbsp;This morning we'll review our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year for
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 6928 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director of IR * Patrick Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President and CEO * Lanny Michael Intermec, Inc. - SVP and CFO * Mike Wills Intermec, Inc. - SVP, Global Sales and ServiceConference Call Participants* Eli Lustgarten Longbow Securities - Analyst * Reik Read Robert Baird & Company - Analyst * Chris O'Donnell Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Andy Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Richard Davis Richard W. Davis - Analyst * Carey Wade Florida Asset Management - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference call. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now, I'll turn the call over to your speaker for today, Mr. Kevin McCarty. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Great. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on our call this afternoon as we discuss Intermec's fourth quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings results. Joining me on the call this afternoon is Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer; Lanny Michael, Senior Vice President and
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 6822 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference call. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. And now, I'll turn the call over to your speaker for today, Mr. Kevin McCarty. Sir, you may begin.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Great. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on our call this afternoon as we discuss Intermec's fourth quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings results. Joining me on the call this afternoon is Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer; Lanny Michael, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Wills, Senior Vice President of Global Sales.&nbsp;Before we begin our prepared remarks, I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course of this conference call that express the Company's or management's intensions, hopes, beliefs, expectations, forecasts or predictions for the future constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company's outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2008
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9945 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Murray Grainger, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference, sir.MURRAY GRAINGER, VP, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Honeywell's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me today in Morristown are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at www.Honeywell.Com/investor.&nbsp;Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we'll review our financial results for the first quarter and expectations for the remainder of the year and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10019 wordsCorporate Participants* Murray Grainger Honeywell - VP, IR * Dave Cote Honeywell - Chairman, CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Lehman Brothers - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Christopher Glynn Oppenheimer - Analyst * Jeff Sprague Citigroup Investment - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)&nbsp;I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Murray Grainger, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference, sir.MURRAY GRAINGER, VP, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Honeywell's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me today in Morristown are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at www.Honeywell.Com/investor.Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 8132 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. During the question-and-answer session please press star-one on your touch-tone phone. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the meeting over to Mr. Kevin McCarty. Sir, you may begin.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR - INVESTOR RELATIONS & ANALYSIS, INTERMEC, INC.: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on our call this afternoon as we discuss Intermec's first quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings results. Joining me on the call this afternoon is Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Office; Lanny Michael, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mike Wills, Senior Vice President of global sales and services, and Ray Cronin, Vice President and general manager of RFID.&nbsp;Before we begin our prepared remarks I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course this conference call that express the Company's or management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations, forecast, or predictions for the future constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements about
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 8239 wordsCorporate Participants* Kevin McCarty Intermec, Inc. - Director - Investor Relations & Analysis * Patrick Byrne Intermec, Inc. - President & CEO * Lanny Michael Intermec, Inc. - SVP & CFO * Mike Wills Intermec, Inc. - SVP - Global Sales and Services * Ray Cronin Intermec, Inc. - VP & General Manager - RFIDConference Call Participants* Tavis McCourt Morgan Keegan - Analyst * Andy Young Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Chris Quilty Raymond James & Associates - Analyst * Richard Davis Richard W. Davis & Company - Analyst * Reik Read Robert W. Baird & Co. - Analyst * Jeremy Grant Stanford Group - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. During the question-and-answer session please press star-one on your touch-tone phone. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the meeting over to Mr. Kevin McCarty. Sir, you may begin.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR - INVESTOR RELATIONS & ANALYSIS, INTERMEC, INC.: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on our call this afternoon as we discuss Intermec's first quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings results.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10259 wordsCorporate Participants* Murray Grainger Honeywell - VP IR * Dave Cote Honeywell - Chairman, CEO * Dave Anderson Honeywell - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Jeff Sprague Citigroup - Analyst * John Inch Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Shannon O'Callaghan Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Scott Davis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Howard Rubel Jefferies & Co - Analyst * Nigel Coe Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Deane Dray Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Christy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell second quarter 2008 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.&nbsp;I'd now will turn the call over to your chairperson, Mr. Grainger.MURRAY GRAINGER, VP IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you, Christy. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor. The elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10182 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Christy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell second quarter 2008 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.I'd now will turn the call over to your chairperson, Mr. Grainger.MURRAY GRAINGER, VP IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you, Christy. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor. The elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that way. This morning, we will review our financial results for the second quarter, and expectations for the remainder of the year and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?&nbsp;DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, I'm
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10032 wordsCorporate Participants* Elena DoomHoneywell International Inc - VP of IR* Dave CoteHoneywell International Inc - Chairman and CEO* Dave AndersonHoneywell International Inc - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Scott DavisBarclays Capital - Analyst* Nigel CoeMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Steve TusaJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Howard RubelJefferies & Company - Analyst&nbsp;* Stephen WinokerSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Jeff SpragueVertical Research Partners - Analyst* John InchDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Steve WinokerPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Honeywell's third quarter 2013 earnings conference call.(Operator Instructions)As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Elena Doom, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.ELENA DOOM, VP OF IR, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC: Good Morning. Thank you Zack. Welcome to Honeywell's third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor.We ask that you keep in mind that today's presentation contains forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world, and of our businesses
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10561 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Luanne, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell's fourth quarter earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Nicholas Noviello, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.NICK NOVIELLO, DIRECTOR OF IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you, Luanne, and good morning, everyone. This is Nick Noviello.With me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. Welcome to Honeywell's fourth quarter and full year 2006 earnings conference call. This call and web cast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website, www.honeywell.com/investor.&nbsp;Elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning, we are going to update you on financial results for the fourth quarter and full year '06 and give you some
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 8507 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Intermec Technologies' fourth quarter and full year 2006 earnings release.At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). At the request of the Company, this conference is being recorded for playback purposes.It is now my pleasure to turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Kevin McCarty. Sir, you may begin your conference.KEVIN MCCARTY, IR DIRECTOR, INTERMEC, INC.: Thank you very much and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us this morning as we discuss Intermec's fourth-quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings release. Joining me on the call this morning is Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Winter, President and Chief operating Officer, and Lanny Michael, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.Before we begin our prepared remarks, I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course of this conference call that express the Company's or management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations or predictions for the future, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. They included statements about the Company's first-quarter,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10130 wordsOPERATOR: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Honeywell's first quarter earnings release conference call of 2007. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Nick Noviello, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.NICK NOVIELLO, VP, IR, HONEYWELL: Great thank you very much. Good morning, everybody. This is Nick Noviello. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. Welcome to Honeywell's first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor. Elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning, we'll review financial results for the first quarter and expectations for the remainder of the year , and of course, allow time for your questions. With that, let me turn over the presentation to Dave Cote.&nbsp;DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Nick. Well, folks, we blew the doors off of this quarter. It's actually easy to be giddy
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 6373 wordsOPERATOR: Good afternoon and welcome to the Intermec first-quarter fiscal 2007 earnings release conference call.At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). At the request of the Company, this conference is being recorded.It is now my pleasure to turn the meeting over to host, Mr. Kevin McCarty, Director of Investor Relations and Analysis for Intermec, Incorporated. Sir, you may begin your conference.KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR & ANALYSIS, INTERMEC, INC.: Thank you very much and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us as we discuss Intermec's first-quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings release. Joining me on the call this afternoon is Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Winter, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Lanny Michael, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;Before we begin our prepared remarks, I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course of this conference call that express the Company's or management's intentions, hopes, indications, beliefs, expectations, forecasts or predictions for the future constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 9186 wordsOPERATOR: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell conference call. This is the Q2 '07 earnings release. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to introduce Murray Grainger, Vice President of Investor Relations and turn the call over to him. Sir, you may begin your conference.MURRAY GRAINGER, VP, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. This is Murray Grainger, Vice President of Investor Relations. With me here today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website, www.honeywell.com/investor.&nbsp;Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning, we will review our financial results for the second quarter and our expectations for the remainder of the year, and of course, allow
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 10038 wordsOPERATOR: All sites, please continue to stand by. We will be getting underway with today's call in just a few moments. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity for questions and answers. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Once again, please continue to stand by. We will be getting underway shortly. Thank you.Good afternoon and welcome to the Intermec Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). At the request of Intermec, Incorporated this conference is being recorded.It is now my pleasure to turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Kevin McCarty, Director of Investor Relations and Analysis for Intermec, Incorporated. Sir, you may begin.&nbsp;KEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR & ANALYSIS, INTERMEC, INC.: Great. Thank you, Wendy, and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us as we discuss Intermec's second quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings release. Joining me on the call this afternoon is Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, Lanny Michael, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Intermec Technology's President and Chief Operating Officer, Steve Winter.Before we begin those prepared remarks,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 8056 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Honeywell third quarter 2007 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Murray Grainger, Vice President of Investor Relations.MURRAY GRAINGER, VP, IR, HONEYWELL: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning. And welcome to Honeywell's third quarter 2007 earnings conference call.&nbsp;On the line from the U.K. today, we have Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote, and with me here in Morristown is Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson.This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our Website, www.honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements, that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning, we will review our financial results for the third quarter, and expectations for the remainder of the year,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	LENGTH: 8791 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS.) Today's conference is being recorded.Now, I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Kevin McCarty. Thank you. You may beginKEVIN MCCARTY, DIRECTOR OF IR, INTERMEC, INC.: Great. Thank you very much, and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us as we discuss Intermec's third quarter fiscal year 2007 earnings release. Joining me on the call this afternoon is Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Lanny Michael, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.Before we begin our prepared remarks I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course of this conference call that express the Company's or Management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations, forecasts, or predictions for the future constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements, including statements about the Company's outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007 and future periods, along with other examples described in the forward-looking statements paragraph in today's earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation.&nbsp;Our business is subject to a number of
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 5099 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome, everyone, to the Opsware, Incorporated fourth quarter and fiscal year 2006 conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question and answer portion of the call. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has an objection, you may disconnect at this time. Now for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Opsware Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Tinsley. Please go ahead, sir.KEN TINSLEY, DIRECTOR-IR & TREASURER, OPSWARE, INC.: Thank you, Keith, and good afternoon everyone. With me today are President and CEO, Ben Horowitz, CFO, Sharlene Abrams and our Chairman, Marc Andreessen. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future financial performance, including expected sales growth, our opportunities in the data center automation market, the timing of bookings and forecast of future revenues and earnings per share, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events and results my differ materially from these statements. We assume no obligation to update this information provided on the call, to revise any forward-looking
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 4869 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day and welcome, everyone, to the Opsware Incorporated second-quarter fiscal year 2007 conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question and answer portion of the call. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has an objection, you may disconnect at this time. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Opsware's Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Tinsley. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;KEN TINSLEY, TREASURER & IR, OPSWARE, INC.: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everyone. With me today, our President and CEO Ben Horowitz and, CFO, Dave Conte. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and our financial performance, including our opportunities in and the estimated size of the data center automation market, future competition, market acceptance of our integrated products and forecasts of future revenues, derived bookings and earnings, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events and results may differ materially from these statements. And we assume no obligation to update the information provided on this call or to revise
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 7161 wordsOPERATOR: Good day everyone and welcome everyone to the Opsware Incorporated second quarter fiscal year 2005 conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question and answer portion of the call. Incorporated second quarter fiscal year 2005 conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question and answer portion of the call. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has an objection you may disconnect at this time. And now I'd like to turn the conference over to the Treasurer and IR director, Mr. Ken Tinsley.KEN TINSLEY, TREASURER AND DIRECTOR OF IR, OPSWARE, INC.: Thank you Chris and good afternoon. With me today at our headquarters in Sunnyvale our President and CEO, Ben Horowitz; our CFO, Sharlene Abrams and our Chairman Marc Andreessen.During the course of today's call we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events or our future financial performance, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events and results may differ materially from these statements. Please review our form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15th 2004 and our reports on forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC for discussions of important factors
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 5283 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Opsware Inc. second quarter fiscal year 2006 conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. Today's call is being recorded. And if anyone has an objection, you may disconnect at this time.Now at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Tinsley. Mr. Tinsley, please go ahead.KEN TINSLEY, DIRECTOR OF IR, OPSWARE, INC.: Thanks, Duane, and good afternoon, everybody. With me today in Sunnyvale are our President and CEO Ben Horowitz; CFO Sharlene Abrams; and Chairman Mark Andreesen. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future financial performance, including forecasts of future revenues, cash flows and earnings per share, all of which are subject to risk and uncertainties. Actual events and results may differ materially from these statements. We assume no obligation to update the information provided on this call to revise any forward-looking statements or to update the reasons actual events or results could differ from those anticipated in
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 5204 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Opsware Inc.'s third quarter fiscal year 2005 conference call. Our participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question and answer for today's call. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has an objection, you may disconnect at this time. Mr. Ken Tinsley, please go ahead.&nbsp;KEN TINSLEY, DIRECTOR, INVESTOR RELATIONS, OPSWARE: With me today in our headquarters in Sunnyvale, is our President and CEO, Ben Horowitz and our CFO Sharlene Abrams. During the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events or our future financial performance, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events and results may differ materially from these statements. Please review our form 10K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2004, and our reports on forms 10Q and form 8K filed with the SEC for discussions of important factors that may cause the actual events and results to differ from these forward-looking statements. By now, you should have received a copy of our press release that was distributed after the market closed today. If you have not, it is available on the investor relations section of our web site
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 6749 wordsOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Opsware Inc. fourth-quarter fiscal year 2005 conference call. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Now at this time I would like to turn the conference over to the Director of Investor Relations, Ken Tinsley. Mr. Tinsley, please go ahead.KEN TINSLEY, DIRECTOR, IR, OPSWARE: Thanks, everyone for joining us today. With me today at our headquarters in Sunnyvale are President and CEO Ben Horowitz and CFO Sharlene Abrams. Our Chairman Marc Andreessen is joining us by phone.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events or our future financial performance, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events and results may differ materially from these statements. We assume no obligation to update the information provided on this call, to revise any forward-looking statements or to update the reasons actual events or results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Please review our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2004 and our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC for discussions of important factors that may cause
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 8738 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome, everyone, to the Opsware, Incorporated first quarter fiscal-year 2006 conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has an objection, you may disconnect at this time.Now for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Tinsley. Please go ahead.KEN TINSLEY, DIRECTOR OF IR, OPSWARE, INC.: Thank you, Carol, and good afternoon. With me today at our headquarters in Sunnyvale are President and CEO, Ben Horowitz; CFO, Sharlene Abrams; and Chairman, Mark Andreessen.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future financial performance, including forecasts of future revenues, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events and results may differ materially from these statements.We assume no obligation to update the information provided on this call today, or to revise any forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual events or results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Please review our Form
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 4329 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome everyone to the Opsware Incorporated third quarter fiscal year 2006 conference call. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS].For opening remarks, I'd like to turn the call over to the Opsware Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Tinsley. Please go ahead, sir.KEN TINSLEY, DIRECTOR IR, OPSWARE, INC.: Thank you, Keith, and good afternoon. With me today are President and CEO, Ben Horowitz, CFO Sharlene Abrams, and Chairman Marc Andreessen.&nbsp;Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future financial performance, including forecasts of future revenues, cash flow, and earnings per share, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events and results may differ materially from these statements.We assume no obligation to update the information provided on this call, to revise any forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual events or results could differ from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Please review our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2005 and our reports on forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC for discussions of important factors that may cause the actual events
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 6311 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, and welcome everyone to the Opsware Incorporated third quarter fiscal year 2007 conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question and answer portion of the call. Today's call is being recorded, if anyone has an objection, you may disconnect at this time.Now for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to the Opsware Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Tinsley. Please go ahead.KEN TINSLEY, TREASURER, DIRECTOR, IR, OPSWARE, INC.: Thank you Jennifer, and good morning everyone. With me today are President and CEO, Ben Horowitz, and CFO, Dave Conte.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and financial performance, including our opportunities in and estimated size of the data center automation market, the benefits and capabilities of our products and forecasts of future revenues, drive bookings, operating margin, and earnings, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties.Actual events and results may differ materially from these statements, and we assume no obligation to update the information provided on this call, or to revise any forward-looking statements. Please review the section
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 7933 wordsOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Opsware Inc. fourth-quarter fiscal year 2007 conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer period of the call. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has an objection, you may disconnect at this time. Now, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Opsware's Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Tinsley. Mr. Tinsley, please go ahead, sir.KEN TINSLEY, TREASURER & DIRECTOR, IR, OPSWARE, INC.: Great. Thank you, Rufus and good morning, everybody. With me today in Sunnyvale are President and CEO, Ben Horowitz and CFO, Dave Conte. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and financial performance, including our opportunities in the data center automation market, the benefits and capabilities of our products, the seasonality of our business, the benefits we expect to achieve in acquiring iConclude, the financial impact of this acquisition, our expectations regarding our partnership with Cisco Systems and forecasts of future revenues, derived bookings, operating margin and earnings, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties.Actual events and
HP Inc.	LENGTH: 8557 wordsOPERATOR: Good day and welcome, everyone, to the Opsware Incorporated first quarter fiscal year 2008 conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion. Today's call is being recorded. If anyone has an objection, you may disconnect at this time.Now for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Opsware's Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Ken Tinsley. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;KEN TINSLEY, DIRECTOR IR, OPSWARE, INC.: Great, thank you, Amy, and good morning, everyone. With me today are President and CEO, Ben Horowitz, and CFO, Dave Conte. Before we begin I would like to remind you that during today's call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and financial performance, including our opportunities in market share in the data center automation market, the capabilities and release dates of certain products, our expectations regarding our partnership with Cisco Systems, and forecasts of revenue, bookings, derived bookings, deferred revenue, operating margin, earnings and our book-to-bill ratio, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events and results may differ materially from these statements. We assume no obligation to update the information provided on this call or
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 10934 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines - VP IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Tony Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz J.P. Morgan - Analyst * Bill Shope Credit Suisse - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Scott Craig Bank of America, Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Katie Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Maynard Um UBS - Analyst * David Grossman Thomas Weisel - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.&nbsp;Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may being.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter earnings presentation.The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8405 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines - VP, IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* David Grossman Thomas Weisel - Analyst * Tony Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Benjamin Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Chrs Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan - Analyst * Peter Misek Canaccord Adams - Analyst * Katie Huberty Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.&nbsp;PATRICIA MURPHY, VP, IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining our first quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour and a replay of this
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8177 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines - VP IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Toni Sacconaghi Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David Grossman Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Lou Miscioscia Collins Stewart - Analyst * Jason Maynard Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Keith Bachman BMO Capital Markets - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.&nbsp;PATRICIA MURPHY, VP IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Finance and Enterprise Transformation. Thank you for joining our third-quarter earnings presentation.The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour and a replay of
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 9295 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Miss Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VICE PRESIDENT INVESTOR RELATIONS, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thanks and good afternoon. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. Here with me this afternoon is Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining us.At this time, the opening page of the presentation should have automatically loaded and you should be on Chart One, the title page. In roughly an hour you will be able to link to the prepared remarks using a link found at the bottom of the presentation window.&nbsp;Today's presentation does not include an index page. Any chart may be referenced at any time by utilizing the drop-down toolbar at the bottom of your screen. As always, a replay of this Webcast will be available on our Investor Relations Web site by this time tomorrow.As we did last quarter, we have
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8094 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia MurphyInternational Business Machines Corp - VP, IR* Mark LoughridgeInternational Business Machines Corp - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Joe ForesiJanney Montgomery Scott - Analyst* Katie HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* David GrossmanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Ed MaguireCLSA - Analyst* Robert CihraEvercore Partners - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.Now, I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP, IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and CFO, Finance and Enterprise Transformation. Thank you for joining our first quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our investor relations website by this
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 7666 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia MurphyInternational Business Machines Corp - VP, IR* Mark LoughridgeInternational Business Machines Corp - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Scott CraigBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Rob CihraEvercore Partners - Analyst&nbsp;* Stephen PatelISI Group - Analyst* Steve MilunovichUBS - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - Analyst* David GrossmanStifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP, IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and CFO Finance and Enterprise Transformation. Thank you for joining our second-quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by
International Bus. Machines	FinalCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines - VP of IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Rob Cihra Caris and Company - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Lou Miscioscia Brigantine Advisors - Analyst * Scott Craig BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * David Grossman Thomas Weisel Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.&nbsp;Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP OF IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.Thank you for joining our fourth quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8613 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines - VP - IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Tony Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Benjamin Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * David Grossman Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - Analyst * Bill Shope Credit Suisse - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in the listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP - IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.Thank you for joining our first-quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8749 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines - VP IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Tony Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Rob Cihra Caris & Company - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan - Analyst * Maynard Um UBS - Analyst * David Grossman Stifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations, and you may begin.&nbsp;PATRICIA MURPHY, VP IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I am here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining our second-quarter earnings presentation.Prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8969 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines - VP IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* Toni Sacconaghi Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Rob Cihra Caris & Company - Analyst * Joseph Foresi Janney Montgomery Scott - Analyst * John Slack Citigroup - Analyst * Moshe Katri Cowen and Company - Analyst * Lou Miscioscia Collins Stewart - Analyst * Jason Maynard Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * David Grossman Stifel Nicolaus - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: (Audio in progress). If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.&nbsp;PATRICIA MURPHY, VP IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and CFO, Finance and Enterprise Transformation.Thank you for joining our fourth-quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly one hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our investor relations website by this
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8012 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines Corp - VP IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines Corp - SVP, CFO, Finance and Enterprise TransformationConference Call Participants* Toni Sacconaghi Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Inc. - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Scott Craig BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Keith Bachman BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * David Grossman Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst * Bill Shope Goldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.&nbsp;Now, I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and CFO, Finance and Enterprise Transformation. Thank you for joining our first-quarter earnings presentation.Prepared
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8744 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia MurphyInternational Business Machines Corp - VP of IR* Mark LoughridgeInternational Business Machines Corp - SVP and CFO, Finance and Enterprise TransformationConference Call Participants* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steven MilunovichUBS - Analyst&nbsp;* David GrossmanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Rob CihraEvercore Partners - Analyst* Shaw WuSterne, Agee & Leach, Inc. - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Keith BachmanBank of Montreal - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP OF IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and CFO, Finance and Enterprise Transformation. Thank you for joining our fourth-quarter earnings presentation.The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will be
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8870 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia MurphyInternational Business Machines Corporation - VP of IR* Mark LoughridgeInternational Business Machines Corporation - SVP and CFO, Finance and Enterprise TransformationConference Call Participants* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Steve MilunovichUBS - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Katie HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst&nbsp;* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* David GrossmanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Peter MisekJefferies & Company - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Joseph ForesiJanney Montgomery Scott - Analyst* Jim SuvaCiti - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP OF IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and CFO, Finance and Enterprise Transformation. Thank you for joining our first-quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour and a replay of this webcast will be posted to
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 10717 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines - VP- IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines - SVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Tony Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * David Grossman Thomas Weisel Partners - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Ben Richtus Barclay Capital - Analyst * Lou Miscioscia Cowen & Company - Analyst * Bill Shope Credit Suisse - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.&nbsp;PATRICIA MURPHY, VP- IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour and a
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 10614 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP- IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our investor relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. In an effort to provide additional information to investors, all non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with the SEC rules. You'll find a reconciliation chart at the end and in the the form 8-K submitted to the SEC.&nbsp;Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward hooking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 9525 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines Corporation - VP IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines Corporation - EVP & CFOConference Call Participants* Toni Sacconaghi Sanford C. Bernstein & Company - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Keith Bachman BMO Capital Markets - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst * Bill Shope Credit Suisse - Analyst * Scott Craig Merrill Lynch - Analyst * David Grossman Thomas Weisel Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in listen only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.&nbsp;Now I'd like to turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining our presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 9461 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines - VP IR * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines - SVP, CFOConference Call Participants* David Grossman Thomas Weisel - Analyst * Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Keith Bachman Bank of Montreal - Analyst * Ben Reitzes Barclays Capital - Analyst * Bill Shope Credit Suisse - Analyst * Moshe Katri Cowen and Company - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Rob Cihra Caris & Company - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations.&nbsp;PATRICIA MURPHY, VP IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I am here with Mark Loughridge, IBM Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining our third-quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 7906 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia MurphyInternational Business Machines Corp - VP, IR* Mark LoughridgeInternational Business Machines Corp - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Benjamin ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Kathryn HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Scott CraigBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Louis MisciosciaCollins Stewart - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* David GrossmanThomas Weisel Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.Now, I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP, IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Finance and Enterprise Transformation. Thank you for joining our third-quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8532 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia MurphyInternational Business Machines Corp - VP, IR* Mark LoughridgeInternational Business Machines Corp - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Katie HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* David GrossmanThomas Weisel Partners - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Richard GardnerCitigroup - Analyst* Brad ZelnickMacquarie Research Equities - Analyst* Rob CihraEvercore Partners - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP, IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and CFO, Finance and Enterprise Transformation. Thank you for joining our fourth-quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8257 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia MurphyInternational Business Machines Corp - VP - IR* Mark LoughridgeInternational Business Machines Corp - SVP & CFO, Finance and Enterprise TransformationConference Call Participants* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst* Steve MilunovichUBS - Analyst* David GrossmanThomas Weisel Partners - Analyst&nbsp;* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Mark MoskowitzJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Katie HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jim SuvaCitigroup - Analyst* Chris WhitmoreDeutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP - IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and CFO, Finance and Enterprise Transformation. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings presentation. Prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 9755 wordsOPERATOR: Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining our fourth-quarter earnings presentation.By now the opening page of the presentation should have automatically loaded and you should be on the title page. The charts will automatically advance as we move through the presentation. But, if you prefer to manually control the charts, at any time you can uncheck the synchronize button on the left of the presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this Webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations Web site by this time tomorrow.The presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end, and
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 9022 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining our first-quarter earnings presentation. By now the opening page of the presentation should have automatically loaded and you should be on the title page. The charts will automatically advance as we move through the presentation. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this Webcast will be posted to our investor relations Web site by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end, and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.&nbsp;Let me remind you that
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 9136 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia Murphy International Business Machines Corporation - VP of Investor Relations * Mark Loughridge International Business Machines Corporation - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Toni Sacconaghi Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * David Bailey Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Richard Gardner Citigroup - Analyst * Katy Huberty Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Andrew Neff Bear Stearns - Analyst * Mark Moskowitz JPMorgan - Analyst * Lou Miscioscia Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Jeff Fidacaro Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Keith Bachman BMO - Analyst * Shaw Wu American Technology Research - Analyst * Chris Whitmore Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations.&nbsp;PATRICIA MURPHY, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Thank you for joining our first-quarter earnings presentation. By now the opening page of the presentation should have automatically loaded and
International Bus. Machines	LENGTH: 8901 wordsCorporate Participants* Patricia MurphyInternational Business Machines Corp - VP of IR* Mark LoughridgeInternational Business Machines Corp - SVP and CFOConference Call Participants* Steven MilunovichUBS - Analyst* Toni SacconaghiSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Bill ShopeGoldman Sachs - Analyst* David GrossmanStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Ben ReitzesBarclays Capital - Analyst&nbsp;* Keith BachmanBMO Capital Markets - Analyst* Amit DaryananiRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Rob CihraEvercore Partners - Analyst* Katy HubertyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jim SuvaCiti - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by.(Operator Instructions)Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Ms. Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.PATRICIA MURPHY, VP OF IR, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you. This is Patricia Murphy, Vice President of Investor Relations for IBM. I'm here with Mark Loughridge, IBM's Senior Vice President and CFO, Finance and Enterprise Transformation. Thank you for joining our third-quarter earnings presentation. The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour. And a replay of this Webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, in
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 10991 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING Full Year 2003 Results Conference Call on the twentieth of February, 2004. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Bill Holding (ph). Please go ahead, sir.BILL HOLDING, ING GROUP N.V.: Good morning. This is Bill Holding for ING welcoming you to ING's conference call on their figures for the full year 2003. Hosting the call will be Cees Maas, CFO and Member of the Executive Board in Amsterdam; Tom McInerney, CEO, U.S. Financial Services in Atlanta; and Herman Farsa, Director of Investor Relations in Amsterdam.Before turning this over to Cees, let me say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets, and underlying economic health and changes markets. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.&nbsp;Having said that let me turn this over to Cees Maas. Good morning, Cees.CEES MAAS, CFO, ING GROUP N.V.: Good morning, Bill. Thank you for your kind words of introduction,
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 17744 wordsCorporate Participants* Thomas Wehrheim ING Groep NV - IR * Michel Tilmant ING Groep NV - CEO * John Hele ING Groep NV - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer * Payler Stoll ING Groep NV - Head of Credit * Tom McInerney ING Groep NV - CEO ING Insurance Americas * Dick Harryvan ING Groep NV - CEO ING DirectConference Call Participants* Marc Thiele UBS - Analyst * Duncan Russell JP Morgan - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jaap Meijer Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Christopher Hitchings Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Bruno Paulson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Johnny Vo Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Frank Stoffel Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Nick Holmes Nomura - Analyst * Mitchell Todd T. Rowe Price International - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard & Poor's - Analyst * Ton Gietman Petercam - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING third quarter 2008 results conference call on November 12, 2008. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 3925 wordsCorporate Participants* Gemma Bux ING Group - IR * John Hele ING Group - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Group - CRO * Tom McInerney ING Group - Member-Executive BoardConference Call Participants* Farquhar Murray Fox-Pitt - Analyst * Duncan Russell JPMorgan - Analyst * Bruno Paulson Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: (Audio joined in progress). All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions)I will now hand the conference over to [Gemma Bux].&nbsp;GEMMA BUX, IR, ING GROUP: This is Gemma Bux for ING Group, welcoming you to ING's third-quarter 2008 results conference call. Before turning this over to John Hele, Chief Financial Officer, Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, and Tom McInerney, member of the Executive Board responsible for Insurance Americas, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables.They include interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements can be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good morning here. Good afternoon in Holland,
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 14414 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Hommen ING Group NV - Chairman of Advisory Board and CEO Designate * John Hele ING Group NV - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Group NV - CROConference Call Participants* Marc Thiele UBS - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * William Elderkin Citigroup - Analyst * Duncan Russell JP Morgan - Analyst * Chris Hitchings Keefe Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Bruno Paulson Sanford C Bernstein - Analyst * Frank Stoffel Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Johnny Vo Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Nick Holmes Nomura - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard and Poor's Equity Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. Welcome to ING's analyst conference call. Before handing this conference call over to Jan Hommen, Chairman of ING Supervisory Board and CEO Designate, John Hele, Chief Financial Officer and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movement in securities markets, including equities markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered for unexpected
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 15758 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Hommen ING Group NV - Chairman and CEO * Koos Timmermans ING Group NV - CRO * Dick Harryvan ING Group NV - Executive Board Member, ING Direct * Tom McInerney ING Group NV - Executive Board Member, Insurance Americas and ING Investment Management AmericasConference Call Participants* Marc Thiele UBS - Analyst * Spencer Horgan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Thomas Nagtegaal RBS - Analyst * Frank Stoffel Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Chris Hitchings Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Benoit Petrarque Kepler Capital Markets - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Nick Holmes Nomura - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller - Analyst * Bruno Paulson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company Inc. - Analyst * Ryan Palacek Kempen & Co - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good morning. Welcome to ING's first quarter 2009 conference call. Before handing this conference call over to Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, Patrick Flynn, Chief Financial Officer and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 6626 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan HommenING Group - CEO* Wilfred NagelING Group - Chief Risk Officer* Patrick FlynnING Group - CFOConference Call Participants* Andrew CoombsCiti - Analyst* Francesca TondiMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Francois BoissinExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* William HawkinsKBW - Analyst* Farooq HanifCitigroup - Analyst* David Andrich&nbsp;Morgan Stanley - Analyst* Martin LeitgebGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Michael HuttnerJPMorgan - Analyst* Benoit PetrarqueKepler - Analyst* Matthias de WitPetercam - Analyst* Steven HaywoodHSBC Global Research - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for holding. Good morning, this is Yvonne, welcoming you to ING's Q1, 2013 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Mr. Jan Hommen, Chief Executive of the ING Group, let me first say that today's comments may include forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding future developments in our business, expectations for our future financial performance, and any statement not involving a historical fact.Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. A discussion of factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in any forward-looking statement is contained in our public filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and our earnings press
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 9963 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan HommenING Group NV - CEO* Patrick FlynnING Group NV - CFO* Wilfred NagelING Group NV - CRO* Delfin RuedaING Group NV - CFO, Insurance/IM EurAsiaConference Call Participants* Farooq HanifCitigroup - Analyst* Mike van WegenBank of America - Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Ashik MusaddiJP Morgan - Analyst&nbsp;* Martin LeitgebGoldman Sachs - Analyst* William HawkinsKBW - Analyst* Francois BoissonExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* David AndrichMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Anton KryachokUBS - Analyst* David LockDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Kiri VijayarajahBarclays Capital - Analyst* Omar FallJefferies & Company - Analyst* Anke ReingenRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Richard BurdenCredit Suisse - Analyst* Samuel LopezVanguard - Analyst* Benoit PetrarqueKepler Cheuvreux - Analyst* Steven HaywoodHSBC - Analyst* Matthias de WitKBC Securities - Analyst* Marco KisicNomura - Analyst* Marcus RivaldiMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. This is Yvonne welcoming you to ING's Q2 2013 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, let me first say that today's comments may include forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding future developments in our business, expectations of our future financial performance and any statement not involving a historical fact. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 5705 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the conference call of ING Group's full year result 2005, on Thursday the 16th of February 2006. Throughout today's presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Jemma Backs. Please go ahead, Madame.JEMMA BACKS, IR, ING GROUP: This is Jemma Backs for ING Group welcoming you to ING's conference call on the figures for the full year results of 2005. Before turning this over to Cees Maas, Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman to the executive board in Amsterdam and Tom McInerney, Chairman and CEO of ING U.S. Financial Services let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables. Including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.With that, good morning, good afternoon. Cees and Tom, Cees over to you.&nbsp;CEES
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 11975 wordsMICHEL TILMANT, CHAIRMAN, ING GROUP: Thank you for joining us this morning. I hope that, and I will be very interested to have your feedback on the new press release, because you have seen we have changed the format to respond to some of the comments we had received in the recent past. Of course it's always good when you change the format that the results are so good so that what you can put in the -- in your format is pretty good. So I think today it's a day to celebrate, because breaking the E2b mark is quite a nice mark to break. And I think that in the Company we like to celebrate that number, so we are very pleased with this result.Let me say that more specifically, that the first quarter marks clearly a strong start of the year. And that we are particularly pleased to see that there is a strong performance on our key growth engines. So that mean that the strategy to put more capital where business grows and the return is paying off, because it shows in the numbers.&nbsp;And it shows in the numbers for quite a record number of
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 7751 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING Group's first quarter results 2006 conference call on May 11, 2006. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. [JC Ray]. Please go ahead sir.JC RAY, IR, ING GROUP NV: This is JC Ray on behalf of ING Group, welcoming you to ING's first quarter results conference call. Before handing over to Cees Maas, Vice Chairman of the Executive Board and CFO of ING Group, and Tom McInerney, Member of the Executive Board responsible for Insurance Americas, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good afternoon Cees. Good afternoon Tom. Cees, over to you.CEES MAAS, CFO, ING GROUP NV: Thank you, JC, and good morning, good afternoon, wherever you are in the world. Ladies and gentlemen, also on behalf of Tom McInerney, who is present here
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 10609 wordsMICHEL TILMANT, CHAIRMAN, ING GROEP NV: Okay. Can I start? Are we electronically wired to the world here?CEES MAAS, VICE CHAIRMAN AND CFO, ING GROEP NV: We're wired to the world.MICHEL TILMANT: Okay. Yes, that's what it is.CEES MAAS: That's what it is.MICHEL TILMANT: We're in? Okay. Thank you. Okay. First of all, I would like to welcome those of you who have made the decision to come and see us. I'm sure that you made a wise decision to come here. I'm sure there is a lot of competition this morning, but we are pleased to see you here and, of course, the room is pretty big, but we'll try to make it cozy, right?First of all, I'd like to-- to say that you have seen the results, so you have, I'm sure, your own vision of our numbers already, but let me share with you our vision of the numbers.&nbsp;First of all, this is a clear confirmation of the positive trends of the last few quarters. This is a record profit in the second quarter and let me insist immediately here that also those are underlying profits. There is no one-off there. It is all part
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 8160 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING Groen second quarter results 2006 conference call on the tenth of August 2006. To start today's presentation, all participants will be in the listen-only mode. After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to [Jenna Bechs]. Please go ahead, madam.JENNA BECHS, MODERATOR, ING GROEP NV: Good afternoon, this is Jenna Bechs on behalf of ING Groep welcoming you to ING's second quarter results 2006 conference call. Before handing this over to Cees Maas, Vice Chairman of the Executive Board and CFO of ING Groep, and Tom McInerney, member of the Executive Board responsible for Insurance Americas, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables. That said, good afternoon, Cees and Tom. Cees, over to you.&nbsp;CEES MAAS, VICE CHAIRMAN OF
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 6022 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the ING Q3 results conference call on the 9th of November, 2006. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. [J.C. Ray]. Please go ahead, sir.J.C. RAY, IR, ING GROEP NV: Good afternoon. This is J.C. Ray for ING Groep welcoming you to ING's third-quarter 2006 results conference call. Before turning this over to Cees Maas, Vice Chairman of the Executive Board and CFO for ING Groep and Tom McInerney, member of the Executive Board responsible for Insurance Americas, let me first say that any forward-looking statement in today's comments are subject to a number of variables including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in the securities markets including [annuity] markets and underlying economic health and changes. Realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good afternoon Cees. Good afternoon, Tom. Cees, over to you.&nbsp;CEES MAAS, EXECUTIVE BOARD VICE-CHAIRMAN AND CFO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you, J.C. Ladies and gentlemen also on behalf of Tom
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 11913 wordsMICHEL TILMANT, CHAIRMAN, ING GROUP NV: Good morning. I know that you guys are very busy today, because of many numbers going out. But before I start, let me try to give you a little bit of tone of the way I look at those numbers. First of all, net profit is up 25%. That is a pretty good number especially after the strong performance of last year, and you have to put that always into perspective. Second, you have to understand that if we clean up those numbers for divestments and if you clean up for one-off, okay forget about this last 30 seconds, you have also 25% up, right? So I think that that means that the core business is doing very well. And you have to realize also that the core business is doing very well in an environment of interest rate which was not that favorable. And you can think and stock market which was relatively lukewarm although better in the second quarter, so you have to realize that means the potential of this business model if the conditions how they would be better. Let's always take the positive views; great numbers in a
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 10712 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the conference call of ING Group's First Half Year Results 2005 on Thursday August 11, 2005. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Miss [Gemma Baks]. Please go ahead, madam.GEMMA BAKS, IR, ING GROUP NV: This is Gemma Baks for ING Group welcoming you to ING's conference call on the figures for the first half year results of 2005.Before turning this over to Cees Maas, Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman to the Executive Board in Amsterdam, and Tom McInerney, Chairman and CEO of ING U.S. Financial Services, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets, and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.&nbsp;That said, good morning, good afternoon, Cees and Tom. Cees, over to you.CEES MAAS, CFO & VICE CHAIRMAN EXECUTIVE BOARD, ING GROUP NV: Good morning, good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, wherever you are in the
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 12009 wordsMICHEL TILMANT, CHAIRMAN, ING GROUP NV: Good morning. I always feel embarrassed when I come here the day after the press release, because I'm sure you have had already had plenty of time and make a lot of work to analyze all of those numbers. So I feel that going to the numbers doesn't bring a lot anymore, and that you want to rush to the Q&A as quickly as possible, I'm sure. So I'm going to try not to be too long.&nbsp;And I think that the message that I would like to say -- to give you is we continue to work at the fundamentals at ING, and if you look to the overall profit up 25%. But also if you take out all of the divestments and if you take out all the one-offs, you also have a 25% increase over 6 months. So I think that shows that the underlying business over the last period did extremely well, and I think that's the message I would like to leave you because we, and I, work essentially to manage the Company. And to manage the underlying cost and to manage the underlying growth, and that's what
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 10875 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Hommen ING Group - CEO * Koos Timmermans ING Group - Chief Risk Officer * Patrick Flynn ING Group - CFO * Matt Rider ING Group - Member of the Management Board Insurance, CAOConference Call Participants* Spencer Horgan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Duncan Russell JPMorgan - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Autonomous Research - Analyst * Chris Hitchings KBW - Analyst * Thomas Nagtegaal RBS - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Brian Montelloni - Analyst * Nick Holmes Nomura International Plc - Analyst * Johnny Vo Goldman Sachs & Co - Analyst * Jan Willem Weidema ABN Amro Bank - Analyst * Benoit Petrarque Kepler Capital Markets - Analyst * Marcus Rivaldi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Frederico Salerno Mainfirst Bank - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Lemer Salah SNS Securities (ESN) - Analyst * Raghu Hariharan Citi - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. This is Yvonne welcoming you to INGs Q3 2010 conference call.&nbsp;Before handing this conference over to Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, Patrick Flynn, Chief Financial Officer, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 7971 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING Group Q3 results 2004 conference call on Thursday the 4th of November 2004. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jemma Baks (ph). Please go ahead.JEMMA BAKS, ING GROUP NV: Good afternoon. This is Jemma Baks for ING Group welcoming you to ING's conference call on the figures for the third quarter of 2004. We are turning this over to Cees Maas, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Chairman to the Executive Board in Amsterdam and Tom McInerney, Chairman and CEO of ING US Financial Services in Atlanta.Let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variable, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities market, including equity markets and underlying economic health and changes. Realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables. With that said, good afternoon Cees and Tom. Cees, over to you.&nbsp;CEES MAAS, CFO AND VICE CHAIRMAN, EXECUTIVE BOARD, ING GROUPE NV: Thank you Jemma for your kind introductive words and welcome to all of you.
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 4852 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the ING quarterly results 2005 conference call on the 12th of May 2005. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Jena Baks (ph). Please go ahead, Madame.JENA BAKS, IR, ING GROUP NV: This is Jena Baks for ING Group welcoming you to ING's conference call on the figures for the first quarter results of 2005. Before turning this over to Cees Maas, Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman to the Executive Board in Amsterdam and Tom McInerney, Chairman and CEO of ING US Financial Services in Atlanta, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets and underlying economic health and changes. Realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.With that said, good morning and good afternoon to you, Cees and good morning to you Tom. Cees, over to you.&nbsp;CEES MAAS, CFO AND VICE CHAIRMAN, EXECUTIVE BOARD, ING GROUP NV: Thank you Jena. Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, good afternoon. Also on
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 11902 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Hommen ING Group - Chief Executive Officer * Koos Timmermans ING Group - Chief Risk Officer * Matt Rider ING Group - Member of the Management Board Insurance, CAO * Patrick Flynn ING Group - Chief Financial OfficerConference Call Participants* Spencer Horgan Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Andrew Coombs Citigroup - Analyst * Johnny Vo Goldman Sachs & Co - Analyst * Christopher Hitchings Keefe Bruyette & Woods Limited - Analyst * Francois Boissin Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Autonomous Research - Analyst * Thomas Nagtegaal RBS - Analyst * William Elderkin Societe Generale - Analyst * Nick Holmes Nomura International Plc - Analyst * Michael Van Wegen BofA Merrill Lynch Intl. - Analyst * Jan Willem Weidema ABN AMRO - Analyst * Hans Pluijgers CA Cheuvreux - Analyst * Marcus Malvalidi - Analyst * Lemer Salah SNS Securities - Analyst * Federico Salerno Mainfirst Bank AG - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard and Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Manish Bakhda Citigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. This is Sala welcoming you to ING's 4Q 2010 conference call.&nbsp;Before handing this conference call over to
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 10314 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Hommen ING Group - CEO * Koos Timmermans ING Group - Chief Risk Officer * Patrick Flynn ING Direct - CFO * Matt Rider ING Direct - Member of the Management Board Insurance, CAOConference Call Participants* Duncan Russell JPMorgan - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * William Hawkins Keefe Bruyette & Woods Limited - Analyst * Johnny Vo Goldman Sachs & Co - Analyst * Spencer Horgan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * William Elderkin Societe Generale - Analyst * Thomas Nagtegaal RBS - Analyst * Michael Van Wegen Bank of America Merrill Lynch Intl - Analyst * Andrew Coombs Citigroup - Analyst * Jan Willem Weidema ABN AMRO Bank - Analyst * Benoit Petrarque Kepler Capital Markets - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Autonomous Research - Analyst * Hans Pluijgers CA Cheuvreux - Analyst * Lemer Salah SNS Securities - Analyst * Marcus Rivaldi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Francois Boissin Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Dirk Peeters KBC Securities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for holding. This is Yvonne welcoming you to ING's Q1 2011 conference call.&nbsp;Before handing this
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 10386 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Hommen ING Groep NV - CEO * Patrick Flynn ING Groep NV - CFO * Matt Rider ING Groep NV - CAO Insurance * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - CROConference Call Participants* Duncan Russell JPMorgan - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Autonomous Research - Analyst * William Elderkin Societe Generale - Analyst * Hans Pluijgers CA Cheuvreux - Analyst * Thomas Nagtegaal RBS - Analyst * Benoit Petrarque Kepler - Analyst * Jan Willem Weidema ABN AMRO - Analyst * Lemer Salah SNS Securities - Analyst * Matthias DeWit Petercam - Analyst * Federico Salerno MainFirst Bank - Analyst * Francois Boissin Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * William Hawkins KBW - Analyst * Marcus Rivaldi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Cor Kluis Rabobank - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank for holding. Good morning, this is Yvonne welcoming you to ING's Q2 2011 conference call. Before handing this conference over to Mr. Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, let me first say that any forward-looking statement in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 11325 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan HommenING Groep NV - CEO* Matt RiderING Groep NV - Chief Administration Officer* Wilfred NagelING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer* Patrick FlynnING Groep NV - CFOConference Call Participants* Spencer HorganDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Michael van WegenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Michael HuttnerJPMorgan - Analyst* Francesca TondiMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Francois BoissinExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Anke ReingenRoyal Bank of Canada - Analyst* Farooq HanifMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Hans PluijgersCheuvreux - Analyst* William ElderkinSociete Generale - Analyst* Benoit PetrarqueKepler - Analyst* Jan Willem WeidemaABN AMRO - Analyst* William HawkinsKBW - Analyst* Federico SalernoMainFirst - Analyst* Matthias de WitPetercam - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for holding. This is Yvonne, welcoming you to the ING Q1 2012 conference call.Before handing this conference over to Mr. Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Groep, let me first say that today's comments may include forward-looking statements such as statements regarding future developments in our business, expectations for our future financial performance and any statement not involving a historical fact. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements.A discussion of factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in any forward-looking statement
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 12489 wordsMICHEL TILMANT, CHAIRMAN, ING GROUP NV: --done what we said we were going to do, and again this quarter we have basically done what we stated we were going to do. And we have announced a number of restructuring initiatives which also we basically said that we were going to do them. And we have worked with [other] parties and the works councils, and [inaudible] since a year on these issues. So this is my interpreterory comments, numbers follow the strategy, and you have seen the number that outlined, the net profit rise was 23.5% with EPS up 20% up to 2.47, and I'm also very pleased that we were able to beat analysts this time. That's always a kind of a CEO satisfaction.Second is the underlying profit before tax of the Group plus 17%, insurance plus 10%, banking plus 24.4%, and I think that -- so you see that the underlying profit are doing very well, and you see also that a strong profit in ING Direct in quarter 3 plus 41%. And I remember the question you all had to me in the last quarter about ING Direct. And this shows the real business of the
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 4267 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the conference call of ING Greece third quarter 2005 results on Thursday the 10th of November 2005, 16:00 Central European Time.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the conference over to Mrs. Jemma Backs (ph). Please go ahead madam.&nbsp;JEMMA BACKS: This is Jemma Backs for ING Group welcoming you to ING's conference call on the figures for the third quarter results of 2005. Before turning this over to Cees Maas, Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman to the Executive Board in Amsterdam, and Tom McInerney, Chairman and CEO of ING US Financial Services, let me first say that any forward looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good afternoon Cees and Tom. Cees, over to you.CEES MAAS, VICE-CHAIRMAN EXECUTIVE BOARD AND CFO OF ING GROUP, ING GROUP NV: Thank you Jemma for this nice introduction and welcome all of
ING Groupe NV	FinalCorporate Participants* Caroline Rodermond ING Groep NV - Events Co-ordinator * Jan Hommen ING Groep NV - CEO * Patrick Flynn ING Groep NV - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer * Matt Rider ING Groep NV - Member of the Management Board Insurance, CAO * Tom McInerney ING Groep NV - Chairman & CEO, Insurance AmericasConference Call Participants* Duncan Russell JP Morgan - Analyst * Spencer Horgan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Autonomous Research - Analyst * Christopher Hitchings KBW - Analyst * Frank Stoffel Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Hans Pluijgers Ca Cheuvreux - Analyst * Francois Boissin Exane BNP Paribas - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * William Elderkin Citigroup - Analyst * Marc Thiele UBS - Analyst * Marcus Rivaldi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bert Valk - Analyst * Nick Holmes Nomura - Analyst * Benoit Petrarque Landsbanki Kepler - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationCAROLINE RODERMOND, EVENTS CO-ORDINATOR, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. This is Caroline. Welcome to your ING's fourth quarter 2009 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, Patrick Flynn, Chief Financial Officer, and Koos
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 9650 wordsCorporate Participants* Mark Allan Unite Group plc - CEO * Joe Lister Unite Group plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Simon Brown ING - Analyst * Michael Burt Execution Noble - Analyst * Osmaan Malik JPMorgan Cazenove - Analyst * Carl Gough JPMorgan Cazenove - Analyst * Quentin Freeman UBS - Analyst * Andrew Cox Numis Securities - AnalystPresentationLondon Jun 14, 2010 (Thomson StreetEvents) -- Final Transcript of Unite Group PLC earnings conference call or presentation Wednesday, March 3, 2010 at 9:30:00am GMT&nbsp;TEXT version of TranscriptCorporate Participants* Mark AllanUnite Group plc - CEO* Joe ListerUnite Group plc - CFOConference Call Participants* Simon BrownING - Analyst* Michael BurtExecution Noble - Analyst* Osmaan MalikJPMorgan Cazenove - Analyst* Carl GoughJPMorgan Cazenove - Analyst* Quentin FreemanUBS - Analyst* Andrew CoxNumis Securities - AnalystPresentationMARK ALLAN, CEO, UNITE GROUP PLC: Perfect. Well then, good morning everybody. Welcome to the Unite Group prelim results for 2009. Welcome to a relatively long and thin room. I hope that you can see the screen up here okay, but there are packs on your chairs as well. Is there anybody who doesn't have a pack there, just to make sure before we go through everyone's got what they need?Perfect,
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 10834 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Hommen ING Groep NV - CEO * Patrick Flynn ING Groep NV - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer * Tom McInerney ING Groep NV - Chairman & CEO, Insurance Americas * Matt Rider ING Groep NV - Member of Management Board Insurance, CAOConference Call Participants* Duncan Russell JPMorgan - Analyst * Johnny Vo Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Spencer Horgan Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Jan Willem Weidema Fortis Bank Nederland - Analyst * Benoit Petrarque Kepler Capital Markets - Analyst * William Elderkin Citigroup - Analyst * Chris Hitchings Keefe Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Autonomous Research - Analyst * Thomas Nagtegaal RBS - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Omar Fall ABN AMRO - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good morning. This is Kev, welcoming you to ING's first quarter 2010 conference call.Before handing you over to Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Groep, Patrick Flynn, Chief Financial Officer, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 8599 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Hommen ING Group NV - CEO * Patrick Flynn ING Group NV - CFO * Matt Rider ING Group NV - Member of the Management Board Insurance, CAO * Koos Timmermans ING Group NV - Chief Risk OfficerConference Call Participants* Spencer Horgan Deutsche Bank Securities - Analyst * Johnny Vo Goldman Sachs & Co - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Autonomous Research - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Jan Willem Weidema ABN AMRO - Analyst * Nick Holmes Nomura International Plc - Analyst * Thomas Nagtegaal RBS - Analyst * Christopher Hitchings Keefe Bruyette & Woods Limited - Analyst * Federico Salerno Mainfirst Bank - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Benoit Petrarque Kepler Capital Markets - Analyst * Omar Fall UBS - Analyst * Olivia Frieser BNP Paribas - Analyst * Marcus Rivaldi Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. This is Eve welcoming you to the ING's Q2 2010 conference call. Before handing this conference over to Mr. Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer in ING Group, Patrick Flynn, Chief Financial Officer, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 10120 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan HommenING Groep NV - CEO* Patrick FlynnING Groep NV - CFO* Wilfred NagelING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer* Doug CaldwellING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer, Insurance EurAsia* Delfin RuedaING Groep NV - CFO, Insurance EurAsiaConference Call Participants* Michael van WegenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Farooq Hanif&nbsp;Citi - Analyst* Farquhar MurrayAutonomous Research - Analyst* Francesca TondiMorgan Stanley - Analyst* William HawkinsKBW - Analyst* Michael HuttnerJPMorgan - Analyst* Andrew CoombsCitigroup - Analyst* Francois BoissinExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* David AndrichMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jan Willem WeidemaABN AMRO - Analyst* Benoit PetrarqueKepler Capital Markets - Analyst* Steven HaywoodHSBC - Analyst* Matthias de WitPetercam - Analyst* Anke ReingenRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Lemer SalahSNS Securities - Analyst* Benoit ValleauxNatixis Asset Management - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. This is Camellia, welcoming you to the ING Q4 2012 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, (technical difficulty) say that today's comments may include forward-looking statements such as statements regarding future developments in our businesses, expectations for future financial performances and any statement not involving a historical fact. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. A discussion
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 15158 wordsCorporate Participants* Thomas Vierheim ING Groep NV - IR * Michel Tilmant ING Groep NV - CEO * John Hele ING Groep NV - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - Chief Risk OfficerConference Call Participants* Spencer Horgan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Marc Thiele UBS - Analyst * William Elderkin Citigroup - Analyst * Bruno Paulson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Duncan Russell JP Morgan - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Nick Holmes Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Carlo Ponfoort AEK - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING Groep second quarter results 2008 conference call on August 13, 2008. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. [Thomas Vierheim]. Please go ahead, sir.&nbsp;THOMAS VIERHEIM, IR, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. This is Thomas Vierheim welcoming you to ING's second quarter 2008 conference call. Before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer of ING Groep, and John Hele, Chief Financial Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates,
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 15069 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING Groep second quarter results 2008 conference call on August 13, 2008. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. [Thomas Vierheim]. Please go ahead, sir.THOMAS VIERHEIM, IR, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. This is Thomas Vierheim welcoming you to ING's second quarter 2008 conference call. Before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer of ING Groep, and John Hele, Chief Financial Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Michel and John. Michel, over to you.&nbsp;MICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Yes. Good morning all. Welcome and thank you for joining the call this morning. I am here as a matter of fact with John Hele, CFO, and Koos Timmermans, our Chief Risk Officer, as well as Tom McInerney, our Head of
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 6531 wordsCorporate Participants* Gemma Backs ING Groep NV - IR * John Hele ING Groep NV - CEO * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer * Payler Stoll ING Groep NV - Head of Credit * Tom McInerney ING Groep NV - Member of Executive Board and CEO of ING US Financial ServicesConference Call Participants* Bruno Paulson Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Duncan Russell JPMorgan - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Yap Meyer Dresdner Kleinwort - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Fox-Pitt, Kelton - Analyst * Marc Thiele UBS - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING Groep second-quarter results 2008 conference call on August 13, 2008. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions).I would now like to hand the conference over to [Gemma Backs]. Please go ahead.GEMMA BACKS, IR, ING GROEP NV: Good morning, good afternoon. This is Gemma Backs for ING Groep welcoming you to ING Groep's second-quarter 2008 results conference call. Before turning this over to John Hele, CFO of ING Groep; Koos Timmermans, Chief
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 6436 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING Groep second-quarter results 2008 conference call on August 13, 2008. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions).I would now like to hand the conference over to [Gemma Backs]. Please go ahead.GEMMA BACKS, IR, ING GROEP NV: Good morning, good afternoon. This is Gemma Backs for ING Groep welcoming you to ING Groep's second-quarter 2008 results conference call. Before turning this over to John Hele, CFO of ING Groep; Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer of ING Groep; and Tom McInerney, Member of the Executive Board and CEO of ING US Financial Services.&nbsp;Let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables. They include interest rates; foreign exchange rates; inflation rates; movements in securities markets, including equity markets; and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good morning and good afternoon again, John, Koos and Tom. John, over to you.JOHN HELE,
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 14319 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Hommen ING Group - CEO * Patrick Flynn ING Group - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Group - CRO * Tom McInerney ING Group - Head US InsuranceConference Call Participants* Duncan Russell JP Morgan - Analyst * Spencer Horgan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Chris Hitchings KBW - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Hans Pluijgers CA Cheuvreux - Analyst * Frank Stoffel Bank of America/Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jaap Meijer Evolution Securities - Analyst * James Garner HSBC - Analyst * Nick Holmes Nomura - Analyst * Jackie Ineke Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Benoit Petrarque Kepler Capital Markets - Analyst * Ryan Palacek Kempen & Co - Analyst * Marcus Rivaldi Morgan Stanley - Analyst * William Elderkin Citigroup - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Waller - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard and Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Johnny Vo Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael van Wegen Societe Generale - Analyst * Thomas Nagtegaal RBS - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good morning. This is [Yemma] welcoming you to the ING's second quarter 2009 conference call. Before handing this conference call over to Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 15389 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan Hommen ING Groep NV - Chief Executive Officer * Patrick Flynn ING Groep NV - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer * Tom McInerney ING Groep NV - Chairman & CEO, Insurance AmericasConference Call Participants* Spencer Horgan Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Duncan Russell JPMorgan - Analyst * Nick Holmes Nomura - Analyst * Jaap Meijer Evolution Securities - Analyst * Marc Thiele UBS - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Autonomous Research - Analyst * Chris Hitchings KBW - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Johnny Vo Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Benoit Petrarque Kepler Capital Markets - Analyst * Stephan Kalb Oppenheim Research - Analyst * Andrew Hughes UBS - Analyst * Hans Pluijgers Cheuvreux - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. This is Sala welcoming you to ING's Accelerating the Journey Back to Basics conference call.&nbsp;Before handing this conference call over to Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Groep, Patrick Flynn, Chief Financial Officer, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 11077 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan HommenING Groep NV - CEO* Matt RiderING Groep NV - CEO of Insurance* Patrick FlynnING Groep NV - CFO* Koos TimmermansING Groep NV - Vice Chairman, Management Board Banking* Wilfred NagelING Groep NV - Chief Risk OfficerConference Call Participants* Farooq HanifMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Andrew CoombsCitigroup - Analyst* Jernej OmahenGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Michael van WegenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Kiri VijayarajahBarclays Capital - Analyst* Francois BoissinExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Thomas NagtegaalRBS - Analyst* Benoit PetrarqueKepler Capital Markets - Analyst* Duncan RussellJP Morgan - Analyst* William HawkinsKBW - Analyst* Matthias de WitPetercam - Analyst* Tony SilvermanS&P Equity Research - Analyst* Farquhar MurrayAutonomous Research - Analyst* Lemer SalahSNS Securities - Analyst* Jan Willem WeidemaABN AMRO - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for holding. My name is Yvonne, welcoming you to ING's Q3 2011 conference call.Before handing this conference over to Mr. Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Groep, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions and variables including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in security markets including equity markets and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 11017 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan HommenING Groep NV - CEO* Mike SmithING Groep NV - CEO, US Annuity Business* Wilfred NagelING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer* Patrick FlynnING Groep NV - CFO* Matt RiderING Groep NV - CFO, Insurance EurAsia BusinessConference Call Participants* Tarik El MejjadNomura - Analyst* Andrew CoombsCitigroup - Analyst* Farquhar MurrayAutonomous Research - Analyst* Farooq HanifMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Richard BurdenCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jan Willem WeidemaABN AMRO - Analyst* Lemer SalahSNS - Analyst* William HawkinsKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Francois BoissinExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Marcus RivaldiMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Hans PluijgersCA Cheuvreux - Analyst* Tony SilvermanS&P Capital IQ - Analyst* Francesca TondiMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Kiri VijayarajahBarclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for holding, ladies and gentlemen. Good morning. This is Carol welcoming you to the ING Q4 2011 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, let me first say that today's comments may include forward-looking statements such as statements regarding future developments in our business, expectations for our future financial performance, and any statement not involving a historical fact. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement.A discussion of
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 10152 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan HommenING Groep NV - CEO* Patrick FlynnING Groep NV - CFO* Matt RiderING Groep NV - Chief Administrative Officer, Insurance Eurasia* Wilfred NagelING Groep NV - Chief Risk OfficerConference Call Participants* Spencer HorganDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Farooq HanifMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Farquhar MurrayAutonomous - Analyst&nbsp;* Michael HuttnerJP Morgan - Analyst* Michael van WegenBank of America - Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Francesca TondiMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Francois BoissinBNP Paribas - Analyst* Hans PluijgersCheuvreux - Analyst* Federico SalernoMainFirst - Analyst* Anke ReingenRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Lemer SalahSNS Securities - Analyst* William HawkinsKBW - Analyst* Tarik El MejjadNomura - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for holding. This is Yvonne welcoming you to ING's Q2 2012 conference call.Before handing this conference over to Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, let me first say that today's comments may include forward-looking statements such as statements regarding future developments in our business, expectations for our future financial performance, and any statement not involving a historical fact. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement.A discussion of factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in any forward-looking statement is contained
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 9226 wordsCorporate Participants* Jan HommenING Group NV - CEO* Wilfred NagelING Group NV - Chief Risk Officer* Patrick FlynnING Group NV - CFO* Matt RiderING Group NV - Chief Administrative OfficeConference Call Participants* Michael Van WegenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jan Willem WeidemaABN Amro Bank - Analyst* Andrew CoombsCitigroup - Analyst&nbsp;* Francesca TondiMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Francois BoissinExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* Michael HuttnerJPMorgan - Analyst* Gordon AitkenRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Marcus RivaldiMorgan Stanley - Analyst* David AndrichMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Manish BakhdaCitigroup - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, this is Yvonne welcoming you to ING's Q3 2012 conference call.Before handing this conference over to Mr. Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, let me first say that today's comments may include forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding future developments in our business, expectations for our future financial performance, and any statement not involving historical fact.Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. A discussion of factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statement is contained in our public filings including our most recent annual report on Form 20F filed with the United States Securities and
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 20220 wordsCorporate Participants* Michel Tilmant ING Groep NV - CEO * John Hele ING Groep NV - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - Chief Risk OfficerConference Call Participants* Mike Foek Societe Generale - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * William Elderkin Citigroup - Analyst * Marc Thiele UBS - Analyst * Ruud Van Der Ven Rabobank - Analyst * Farquar Murray Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * Chris Hitchings Keefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst * Bruno Paulson Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard & Poor's Equity Research - AnalystPresentation&nbsp;MICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Good morning to all of you, and all who are here today and on the internet because we can be followed on internet also. I would like to welcome everybody who is listening to this presentation. And I'm really happy to be here today. After weeks of speculation to the market, it's always good to come and tell you the truth. So it's -- I'm in a very happy position today to be able to do that. I would like to say that the presentation today will be a bit longer than usual because we want to make
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 20121 wordsMICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Good morning to all of you, and all who are here today and on the internet because we can be followed on internet also. I would like to welcome everybody who is listening to this presentation. And I'm really happy to be here today. After weeks of speculation to the market, it's always good to come and tell you the truth. So it's -- I'm in a very happy position today to be able to do that. I would like to say that the presentation today will be a bit longer than usual because we want to make sure that you leave this room with no doubt and as comfortable as you can be about those numbers and what they mean. So we have -- we felt that we could afford to make the presentation a bit longer than usual to give you all the details you need to perfectly understand the situation.&nbsp;First of all I would like to say that if we look to 2007 it is a year for us where fundamentally if we look back that we have basically delivered on our strategic priorities to generate long-term value for
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 4963 wordsCorporate Participants* Gemma Backs ING Groep NV * John Hele ING Groep NV - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer * Tom McInerney ING Groep NV - Executive Board MemberConference Call Participants* Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Chris Hitchings KBW - Analyst * William Elderkin Citigroup - Analyst * Bruno Paulson Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING Q4 results 2007 and embedded value presentation conference call. Throughout today's recorded presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to hand the conference over to Miss Gemma Backs. Please go ahead.&nbsp;GEMMA BACKS, ING GROEP NV: This is Gemma Backs for ING Groep welcoming you to ING's US investor and embedded value presentation conference call. Before turning this over to John Hele, Chief Financial Officer; and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables. They include interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 4893 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING Q4 results 2007 and embedded value presentation conference call. Throughout today's recorded presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to hand the conference over to Miss Gemma Backs. Please go ahead.GEMMA BACKS, ING GROEP NV: This is Gemma Backs for ING Groep welcoming you to ING's US investor and embedded value presentation conference call. Before turning this over to John Hele, Chief Financial Officer; and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables. They include interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables. That said, John and Koos, over to you.&nbsp;JOHN HELE, CFO, ING GROEP NV: Good afternoon in Europe and good morning still in the Americas. I would like to welcome you to the embedded value call
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 14233 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING first quarter 2008 results conference call on May 14, 2008. Throughout today's recorded presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation there will be opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. [Thomas Vierheim]. Please go ahead sir.THOMAS VIERHEIM, MODERATOR, ING GROEP NV: Thank you. Good morning. This is [Thomas Vierheim] welcoming you to ING's first quarter 2008 conference call.&nbsp;Before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, John Hele, Chief Financial Officer, Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer and Tom McInerney, Head of American Operations, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning Michele, John, Koos and Tom. Michel, over to you.MICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Yes good morning. I will start by
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 3122 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING first-quarter 2008 results conference call on 14th of May, 2008. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to hand the conference over to [Gemma Backs]. Please go ahead.GEMMA BACKS, IR, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. Good afternoon. This is Gemma Backs for ING Groep, welcoming you to ING's first-quarter 2008 results conference call. Before turning this over to John Hele, CFO of ING Groep, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, as well as Tom McInerney, Member of the Executive Board responsible for Insurance Americas, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables. They include interest rates; foreign exchange rates; inflation rates; movements in securities markets, including equity markets; and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good morning and good afternoon again. John, Koos, and over to you, Tom -- John, over to you.&nbsp;JOHN HELE, CFO, ING GROEP NV: Good afternoon. Good morning to those listening in the Americas. I would like to welcome you to our
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 11538 wordsCorporate Participants* Ralph HamersING Groep NV - CEO* Patrick FlynnING Groep NV - CFO* Wilfred NagelING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer* Delfin RuedaING Groep NV - CFO, ING Insurance* Doug CaldwellING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer, ING InsuranceConference Call Participants* Andrew CoombsCiti - Analyst* Farquhar Murray&nbsp;Autonomous Research - Analyst* David AndrichMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Kiri VijayarajahBarclays - Analyst* Ashik MusaddiJPMorgan - Analyst* William HawkinsKeefe, Bruyette & Woods - Analyst* Omar FallJefferies & Co. - Analyst* Francesca TondiMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Michael van WegenBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Martin LeitgebGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Anton KryachokUBS - Analyst* Benoit PetrarqueKepler Cheuvreux - Analyst* David LockDeutsche Bank Research - Analyst* Anke ReingenRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Francois BoissinExane BNP Paribas - Analyst* JanWillem KnollABN AMRO - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. This is Yvonne, welcoming you to ING's Q3 2013 conference call.Before handing this conference over to Ralph Hamers, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, let me first say that today's comments may include forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding future developments in our business; expectations for our future financial performance; and any statement not involving a historical fact.Actual results may differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statement. A
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 10183 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING full-year results conference call on the 15th of February, 2007. Throughout today's recorded presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. [Gemma Bux].GEMMA BUX, IR, ING GROEP: This is Gemma Bux for ING Groep welcoming you to ING's conference call on the figures for the full-year results of 2006. Before turning this over to Michel Tilmant, CEO of ING Groep, Cees Maas, Chief Financial Officer of the Groep and Tom McInerney, Chairman and CEO of ING U.S. financial services, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables. That said, good morning, Michel, Cees and Tom, or good afternoon. Over to you.MICHEL TILMANT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, ING GROEP: Good afternoon,
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 12187 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the first quarter results 2007 conference call on May 16, 2007. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. [JC Ray]. Please go ahead, sir.JC RAY, IR, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. This is JC Ray, welcoming you to the ING's conference call for the first quarter of 2007 before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer, John Hele, Chief Financial Officer, and Eli Leenaars, Member of the Executive Board responsible for Retail Banking.Let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these -- of the variables.Good morning, Michel. Good morning, John. Good morning, Eli. Michel, over to you.&nbsp;MICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Yes. Good morning all of you. I would like first to say that we inaugurate today an early telephone meeting with all of you to allow you
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 12484 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING second quarter results analysts' conference call. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. [Thomas Weerheim]. Please go ahead, sir.THOMAS WEERHEIM, IR, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. Thomas Weerheim welcoming you to ING's second quarter 2007 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer of ING Groep, John Hele, Chief Financial Officer, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic changes and conditions. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.&nbsp;Good morning Michel, John and Koos. Michel, over to you.MICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you very much. Welcome to all of you to this record quarterly earnings meeting. We are here with John
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 6466 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING second-quarter results 2007 conference call on the 8th of August, 2007. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. [Thomas Wirheim]. Please go ahead, sir.THOMAS WIRHEIM, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. This is Thomas Wirheim welcoming you ING's second-quarter 2007 conference call. Before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer of ING Groep; John Hele, Chief Financial Officer; Kos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer; and Tom McInerney, Member of the Executive Board, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates; foreign exchange rates; inflation rates; movements in securities markets, including equity markets; and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.&nbsp;Good afternoon, Michel, John and Kos. Michel, over to you.MICHEL TILMANT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Yes, thank you very much. We are here
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 15414 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING third quarter 2007 results conference call on November 7, 2007. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Thomas Wirheim. Please go ahead, sir.THOMAS WIRHEIM, IR, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. This is Thomas Wirheim welcoming you to ING's third quarter 2007 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer of ING Groep, and John Hele, Chief Financial Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.&nbsp;Good morning, Michel and John. Michel, over to you.MICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Yes. Good morning to all of you and thank you for joining us this morning.Let me first say that the
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 4916 wordsOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING third-quarter 2007 results conference call on the 7th of November, 2007. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. [Gemma Backs]. Please go ahead, madam.GEMMA BACKS, ING GROEP N.V.: This is Gemma Backs for ING Group, welcoming you to ING's third-quarter 2007 results conference call.&nbsp;Before turning this over to John Hele, CFO of ING Group, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables. They include interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets and other underlying economic health and changes. Realization of forward-looking statements could be materially alter by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good afternoon, John. Over to you.JOHN HELE, CFO, ING GROEP N.V.: Good afternoon, and welcome to our afternoon analyst call. We covered through the key points this morning -- really, the structural resilience of our company and our portfolio to the
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 14363 wordsCorporate Participants* Thomas Vierheim ING Groep NV - Moderator * Michel Tilmant ING Groep NV - CEO * John Hele ING Groep NV - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - CRO * Tom McInerney ING Groep NV - Head of American Operations * Dick Harryvan ING Direct - CEOConference Call Participants* Mark Seal UBS - Analyst * Farquhar Murray Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst * Duncan Russell JP Morgan - Analyst * Ivo Dierick Dexia Asset Management - Analyst * Farooq Hanif Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Christopher Hitchings KBW - Analyst * Nick Holmes Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Benoit Pegraque Landsbanki Kepler - Analyst * William Elderkin Citigroup - Analyst * Tony Silverman Standard & Poor's Equity Research - Analyst * Yap Meyer Dresdner Kleinwort - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING first quarter 2008 results conference call on May 14, 2008. Throughout today's recorded presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation there will be opportunity to ask questions. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).&nbsp;I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. [Thomas Vierheim]. Please go ahead sir.THOMAS VIERHEIM, MODERATOR, ING GROEP NV: Thank
ING Groupe NV	LENGTH: 3190 wordsCorporate Participants* Gemma Backs ING Groep NV - IR * John Hele ING Groep NV - CFO * Koos Timmermans ING Groep NV - Chief Risk Officer * Tom McInerney ING Groep NV - Member of the Executive BoardConference Call Participants* Bruno Paulson Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Marc Thiele UBS - Analyst * William Elderkin Citigroup - Analyst * Duncan Russell JPMorgan - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the ING first-quarter 2008 results conference call on 14th of May, 2008. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).&nbsp;I would now like to hand the conference over to [Gemma Backs]. Please go ahead.GEMMA BACKS, IR, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. Good afternoon. This is Gemma Backs for ING Groep, welcoming you to ING's first-quarter 2008 results conference call. Before turning this over to John Hele, CFO of ING Groep, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, as well as Tom McInerney, Member of the Executive Board responsible for Insurance Americas, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables. They include interest rates; foreign exchange rates; inflation rates; movements in securities markets, including equity markets; and underlying economic health
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 16842 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP, IR * Bill Weldon Johnson & Johnson - Chairman & CEO * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP, Finance & CFOConference Call Participants* Larry Biegelsen Wachovia Capital Markets - Analyst * Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * David Roman Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bob Hopkins BAS-ML - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * Matt Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Glenn Novarro RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - AnalystPresentationLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the fourth quarter of 2008 and full year 2008. Joining me on the podium today are our hosts for today's meeting, Bill Weldon, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson and Dominic Caruso, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 12079 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP, IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP-Fin., CFOConference Call Participants* Matthew Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * Sara Michelmore Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Tao Levy Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bob Hopkins Banc of America - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wachovia - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Glenn Novarro RBC - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer session of the conference. The call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may now begin.&nbsp;LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the first
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 17725 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise MehrotraJohnson & Johnson - VP, IR* Alex GorskyJohnson & Johnson - Chairman and CEO* Sandy PetersonJohnson & Johnson - Group Worldwide Chairman* Dominic CarusoJohnson & Johnson - VP Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst* Matthew Dodds&nbsp;Citigroup - Analyst* Kristen StewartDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Derrick SungSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Danielle AntalffyLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Matt MiksicPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Jeff HolfordJefferies & Company - Analyst* Bob HopkinsBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson second-quarter earnings conference call. All participants will be in able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning, and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 13346 wordsLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP OF IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome; I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson. And it is my pleasure to be with you this morning to review the fourth quarter 2005 results. With me on the podium are our host for today's meeting, Bill Weldon, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson. Christine Poon, Vice Chairman and Worldwide Chairman Medicines and Nutritionals, and Bob Darretta, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter and full year results for the Corporation and fourth quarter highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Bill Weldon will briefly comment on the full year results and his views on the outlook for the Corporation. At the completion of Bill's remarks Bob Darretta will provide some additional commentary on the quarter as well as the guidance for
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 8353 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson first-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to hand the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the first quarter of 2006.With me on the call today is Bob Darretta, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Johnson & Johnson. A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the investor relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website.&nbsp;Included with a copy of the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for the major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.I will review the
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 9210 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson 2006 third-quarter earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the third quarter of 2006. Joining me on the call today is Bob Darretta, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader listening audience via webcast, accessible through the investor relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. Included with a copy of the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises, to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.&nbsp;I will review highlights of the third-quarter 2006
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 8966 wordsOPERATOR: This call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect. Now I would like to turn the call over to J&J.HELEN SHORT, VP OF IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning, I am Helen Short, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the third quarter of 2004. With me on the call today is Bob Darretta, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Johnson & Johnson. A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is also available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations portion of the Johnson & Johnson Internet site. Attached to the copy of the press release that was e-mailed to the investment community earlier this morning our sales for major products and our business franchises to facilitate and update your models. These are also available on the J&J website as is the press release.&nbsp;I'll review highlights of the third quarter 2004 results for the total Company and the three business segments. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 9992 wordsHELEN SHORT, VP OF IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning; I'm Helen Short, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson. This morning it's my pleasure to review our business results for the second quarter of 2005. With me on the call today is Bob Darretta, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Johnson & Johnson. A few logistics before we get into the details.This review is also available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations portion of the Johnson & Johnson Internet site. Included with a copy of the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises for facilitating and updating your models. These are also available on the J&J Website as is the press release.&nbsp;I'll review highlights of the second-quarter 2005 results for the total Company and the three business segments. Following additional remarks from Bob Darretta we'll open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one hour. Before I get into the results let me remind you some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 11509 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Matthew Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Bob Hopkins Bank of America - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wells Fargo - Analyst * Matt Miksic Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Derrick Sung Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Glen Navarra RBC Capital - Analyst * Mayank Ghandi Cowen and Company - Analyst * Adam Feinstein Barclays Capital - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson second-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.&nbsp;LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 14979 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP of IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP of Finance, CFO * Sheri McCoy Johnson & Johnson - Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals GroupConference Call Participants* Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Sara Michelmore Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * Matt Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Jami Ruben Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Derrick Sung Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Bob Hopkins Bank of America-Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * Matt Miksic Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wells Fargo - Analyst * Glenn Novarro RBC - Analyst * Edward Han-Burgess Raymond James - AnalystPresentationLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP OF IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the third quarter of 2010. Joining me on the podium today are Sheri McCoy, Worldwide Chairman of our Pharmaceuticals Group, and Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from this presentation
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 13322 wordsHELEN SCHWARTZ, VP OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning. And welcome. I'm Helen Schwartz, Vice President of Investor Relations. For Johnson & Johnson. It is my pleasure to be here this morning to report on our results for the fourth quarter of 2004. With me on the podium are our hosts for today's meeting Bill Weldon, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson, Christine Poon, Vice Chairman and Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals and Nutritionals. Chris became a member of the office of the Chairman at the beginning of this year. And Bob Darretta, Vice Chairman of Johnson & Johnson and Chief Financial Officer. A few logistics before we get into the details, the audio and visuals for this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via the Internet. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter and full-year results for the corporation. And fourth quarter highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks Bill Weldon will comment on the full-year results and more importantly his views on the outlook for the corporation. At the completion of Bill's remarks, Bob Darretta will provide some additional
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 10674 wordsOPERATOR: Welcome to the Johnson & Johnson first quarter 2005 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the Q&A session of the conference. This call is being recorded. [OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS]I would now like to turn the conference over to Johnson & Johnson, you may begin.HELEN SHORT, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Helen Short, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson. This morning it is my pleasure to review our business results for the first quarter 2005. With me on the call today is Bob Darretta, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Johnson & Johnson. A few logistics before we get into the details.&nbsp;This review is also available to a broader audience via webcast, assessable through the Investor Relations portion of the Johnson & Johnson Internet site. Included with the copy of the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning, is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate in updating your models. These are also available at the Johnson & Johnson Website as is the press release.I'll review highlights of the first quarter 2005 results for
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 11007 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Matthew Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Bob Hopkins BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Matt Miksic Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Rajeev Jashnani UBS - Analyst * Derrick Sung Sanford C. Bernstein - Analyst * Kristen Stewart Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Ben Yeoh Atlantic Equities - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to Johnson & Johnson first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections you may disconnect at this time. (Operator Instructions)&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 12343 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise MehrotraJohnson & Johnson - VP, IR* Dominic CarusoJohnson & Johnson - VP Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Matthew DoddsCitigroup - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst* Ian SandersonCowen and Company - Analyst* Sara MichelmoreBrean Murray, Carret & Co. - Analyst* Matt MiksicPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Derrick SungSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Rick WiseLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Kristen StewartDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Bob HopkinsBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Alison YangBarclays Capital - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time.(Operator Instructions)I will now turn the call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning, and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 18214 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise MehrotraJohnson & Johnson - VP, IR* Alex GorskyJohnson & Johnson - CEO* Dominic CarusoJohnson & Johnson - VP Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Matthew DoddsCitigroup - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Ian SandersonCowen and Company - Analyst&nbsp;* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst* Derrick SungSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Danielle AntalffyLeerink Swann - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Matt MiksicPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Bob HopkinsBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Kristen StewartDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. And welcome to the Johnson & Johnson second-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections you may disconnect at this time.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the conference over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this
Johnson & Johnson	FinalCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP of IR * Bill Weldon Johnson & Johnson - Chairman, CEO * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP of Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Michael Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Matt Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Tao Levy Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bob Hopkins Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Glenn Novarro RBC - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * Matt Miksic Piper Jaffray - AnalystPresentationLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP OF IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning, and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the fourth quarter of 2009.&nbsp;Joining me on the podium today are Bill Weldon, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson; and Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section
Johnson & Johnson	FinalCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP, IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP Finance & CFOConference Call Participants* Matthew Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bob Hopkins Bank of America - Analyst * Tao Levy Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Glenn Novarro RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Matt Miksic Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Sebastian Paquette Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Derrick Sung Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson first-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.&nbsp;LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the first quarter of 2010.
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 17726 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP, IR * Bill Weldon Johnson & Johnson - Chairman & CEO * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP, Finance & CFOConference Call Participants* Matt Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Bob Hopkins BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wells Fargo - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * Derrick Sung Sanford Bernstein - Analyst * Kristen Stewart Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * Matt Miksic Piper Jaffray - AnalystPresentationLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the fourth quarter of 2010.&nbsp;Joining me on the podium today are Bill Weldon, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson, and Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 18326 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise MehrotraJohnson & Johnson - VP of IR* Alex GorskyJohnson & Johnson - Chairman of the Board and CEO* Dominic CarusoJohnson & Johnson - VP Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Matt DoddsCitigroup - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Rick Wise&nbsp;Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Kristen StewartDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP OF IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson. And it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2012. Joining me on the podium today are Alex Gorsky, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This meeting is being made available to a broader audience via a Webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter and full year of 2012 for the Corporation, and highlights for our three business
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 11828 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise MehrotraJohnson & Johnson - VP of IR* Dominic CarusoJohnson & Johnson - VP Finance & CFOConference Call Participants* Matt DoddsCitigroup - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Michael WeinsteinJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Kristen StewartDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst&nbsp;* Derrick SungSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Rick WiseStifel Nicolaus - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Danielle AntalffyLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Matt MiksicPiper Jaffray & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson's first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the conference over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP OF IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning, and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the first quarter of 2013. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 13234 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP, IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP, Finance & CFO * Chris Poon Johnson & Johnson - Vice Chairman, Board of Directors & Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals Group * Paul Stoffels Johnson & Johnson - Group Chairman, Global R&D, Pharmaceuticals GroupConference Call Participants* Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * Matt Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Seth Damergy Deutsche Bank - Analyst * David Roman Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the third quarter of 2008. Joining me on the podium today are Chris Poon, Vice Chairman, Board of Directors and Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals Group; Paul Stoffels, Company Group Chairman, Global Research and Development, Pharmaceuticals Group; and Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us today in the audience is Sheri McCoy, Worldwide Chairman, Surgical Care Group. As we announced last week, effective January 1, 2009, Sheri will assume the role of Worldwide Chairman,
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 13139 wordsLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the third quarter of 2008. Joining me on the podium today are Chris Poon, Vice Chairman, Board of Directors and Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals Group; Paul Stoffels, Company Group Chairman, Global Research and Development, Pharmaceuticals Group; and Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us today in the audience is Sheri McCoy, Worldwide Chairman, Surgical Care Group. As we announced last week, effective January 1, 2009, Sheri will assume the role of Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals Group.A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from these presentations are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website.&nbsp;I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide additional commentary on the results for the quarter and guidance for the year. Chris and Paul will then provide
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 11964 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP - Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * Tao Levy Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wells Fargo - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * Matthew Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Matt Miksic Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Glenn Navarro RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Sara Michelmore Cowen & Co - Analyst * Bob Hopkins BAS-ML - Analyst * Derek Sung Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.&nbsp;LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 15774 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP of IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP of Finance and CFO * Alex Gorsky Johnson & Johnson - Worldwide Chairman, Medical Devices and DiagnosticsConference Call Participants* Matt Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Matt Miksic Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * Bob Hopkins BAS-ML - Analyst * Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wells Fargo Securities - Analyst * Erik Schneider UBS - Analyst * Tao Levy Deutsche Bank - AnalystPresentationLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP OF IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the third quarter of 2009. Joining me on the podium today are Alex Gorsky, Worldwide Chairman of our Medical Devices and Diagnostics Group, and Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the investor relations
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 18404 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP of IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP, Finance & CFO * Alex Gorsky Johnson & Johnson - Vice Chairman, Executive Committee, Office of the ChairmanConference Call Participants* Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Matthew Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Jami Rubin Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wells Fargo - Analyst * Sara Michelmore Brean Murray Carrat - Analyst * Glenn Novarro RBC Capital Markets - Analyst * Matt Miksic Piper Jaffray - Analyst * Kristen Stewart Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * David Lewis Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Bob Hopkins BofA - Analyst * Rajeev Jashnani UBS - Analyst * Derrick Sung Sanford Bernstein - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP OF IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome; I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 12900 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise MehrotraJohnson & Johnson - VP, IR* Dominic CarusoJohnson & Johnson - VP Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Matt DoddsCitigroup - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Ian SandersonCowen and Company - Analyst* Sara MichelmoreBrean Murray, Carret & Co. - Analyst* Michael WeinsteinJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Derrick SungSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Rick WiseLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Bob HopkinsBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst* Kristen StewartDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Matt MiksicPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Steve BushawMorgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to Johnson & Johnson's third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. (Operator Instructions).I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning, and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 19135 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise MehrotraJohnson & Johnson - VP, IR* Bill WeldonJohnson & Johnson - Chairman, CEO* Dominic CarusoJohnson & Johnson - VP Finance and CFOConference Call Participants* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Rick WiseLeerink Swann - Analyst* Matt DoddsCitigroup - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Bob HopkinsBofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst* Catherine ArnoldCredit Suisse - Analyst* David LewisMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Matt MiksicPiper Jaffray & Co. - Analyst* Kristen StewartDeutsche Bank - Analyst* David RomanGoldman Sachs - AnalystPresentationLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our Business results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2011. Joining me on the podium today are Bill Weldon, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson; and Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the investor relations
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 16239 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise MehrotraJohnson & Johnson - VP IR* Dominic CarusoJohnson & Johnson - VP Finance and CFO* Joaquin DuatoJohnson & Johnson - Worldwide Chairman Pharmaceuticals Group* Paul StoffelsJohnson & Johnson - CSO, Worldwide Chairman PharmaceuticalsConference Call Participants* Matthew DoddsCitigroup - Analyst* Mike WeinsteinJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst* Catherine Arnold&nbsp;Credit Suisse - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Rajeev JashnaniUBS - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Derrick SungSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Danielle AntalffyLeerink Swann - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Matt MiksicPiper Jaffray & Co. - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning. And welcome to the Johnson & Johnson third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections you may disconnect at this time.(Operator Instructions).I would now like to turn the conference over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the third
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 14932 wordsLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I'm Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the fourth quarter of 2007.Joining me on the podium today are our host for today's meeting, Bill Weldon, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson; and Dominic Caruso, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. A few logistics before we get into the details.The audio and visuals from this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights for the fourth quarter and full year for the Corporation and our three business segments. Following my remarks, Bill Weldon will comment on the 2007 results and provide a strategic outlook for 2008 and beyond. At the completion of Bill's remarks, Dominic Caruso will provide some additional commentary on the 2007 financial results and guidance for 2008.We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30,
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 9563 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the conference over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the first quarter of 2008. With me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer. A few logistics before we get into the details.&nbsp;This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. Included with the copy of the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is the press release. I will review highlights of
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 9660 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP, IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - Vice President, Finance & CFOConference Call Participants* Michael Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Glenn Reicin Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Tao Levy Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Bob Hopkins Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Larry Keusch Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Michael Jungling Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Matthew Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wachovia Capital - Analyst * Sara Michelmore Cowen & Co. - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the conference over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.&nbsp;LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the first quarter of 2008. With me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 11144 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise Mehrotra Johnson & Johnson - VP-IR * Dominic Caruso Johnson & Johnson - VP-Finance, CFOConference Call Participants* Rick Wise Leerink Swann - Analyst * Tao Levy Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Larry Biegelsen Wachovia - Analyst * Mike Weinstein JPMorgan - Analyst * Matthew Dodds Citigroup - Analyst * Michael Jungling Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Bob Hopkins Banc of America - Analyst * Bruce Nudell UBS - Analyst * Catherine Arnold Credit Suisse - Analyst * Sara Michelmore Cowen and Company - Analyst * Larry Keusch Goldman Sachs - Analyst * David Roman Morgan Stanley - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson second-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, you may disconnect at this time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP-IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 11038 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson second-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has objections, you may disconnect at this time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP-IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the second quarter of 2008. With me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. The press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning includes the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. The press release is also available on the Johnson & Johnson website.I will review highlights of the
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 14780 wordsCorporate Participants* Louise MehrotraJohnson & Johnson - VP, IR* Michel OrsingerJohnson & Johnson - Worldwide Chairman, DuPuy Synthes Companies of Johnson & Johnson* Dominic CarusoJohnson & Johnson - VP Finance and CFO* Joaquin DuatoJohnson & Johnson - Worldwide Chairman, PharmaConference Call Participants* Matt DoddsCitigroup - Analyst* Michael WeinsteinJPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst&nbsp;* Kristen StewartDeutsche Bank - Analyst* Larry BiegelsenWells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst* Tony ButlerBarclays Capital - Analyst* Bruce NudellCredit Suisse - Analyst* Jami RubinGoldman Sachs - Analyst* Rick WiseStifel Nicolaus & Company - Analyst* Derrick SungSanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. - Analyst* Danielle AntalffyLeerink Swann & Company - Analyst* Glenn NovarroRBC Capital Markets - Analyst* Robert HopkinsBofA Merrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning, and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 14523 wordsLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the fourth quarter of 2006.With me on the podium are our hosts for today's meeting, Bill Weldon, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson; Christine Poon, Vice Chairman Board of Directors and Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast (indiscernible) through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth-quarter and full-year results for the Corporation and fourth-quarter highlights for our three business segments.&nbsp;Following my remarks, Bill Weldon will briefly comment on the 2006 highlights and review some of the major growth strategies in each of our segments. At the completion of Bill's remarks, Dominic Caruso will provide some additional commentary on 2006, as well as 2007. We will then open the floor to your
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 8999 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson first-quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer session of the conference. This call is being recorded. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS).I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP OF IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the first quarter of 2007. With me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Johnson & Johnson.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via our webcast come accessible through the investor relations section of the Johnson & Johnson web site. Included with the copy of the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your model. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson web site, as is the
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 11418 wordsOPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Johnson & Johnson second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only on till the question-and-answer section session of the conference. This call is being recorded. If anyone has any objections, you may disconnect at this time. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would now like to turn the conference call over to Johnson & Johnson. You may begin.LOUISE MEHROTRA, VP-IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the second quarter of 2007. With me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Johnson & Johnson.A few logistics before we begin into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the investor relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. Included with a copy of the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is a schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. These are
Johnson & Johnson	LENGTH: 13582 wordsLOUISE MEHROTRA, VP, IR, JOHNSON & JOHNSON: Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the third quarter of 2007.Joining me on the podium today are Nick Valeriani, Worldwide Chairman, Medical Devices and Diagnostics and Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website.I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide an additional commentary on the results for the quarter and the guidance for the year. Nick will then provide an update on our Medical Devices and Diagnostics business. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and following Q&A with some final remarks by Dominic, we will conclude the meeting around 10 a.m.&nbsp;Distributed with the copy of the
