Apple Inc.	year ended September 27, 2003.&nbsp;Please also note that should non-GAAP financial measures be included in today's call, such information should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. While we don't anticipate providing nonGAAP measures, should we provide them a reconciliation of the GAAP and nonGAAP measures will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the internet. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Fred Anderson.FRED ANDERSON, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. We are very pleased with the results of our first fiscal quarter which exceeded our guidance. Revenue of 2 billion 6 million was up 36% year over year and represented Apple's highest quarterly revenue in 4 years. Net income was 63 million or 17 cents per diluted share. These GAAP results include an after tax investment gain of 3 million which increased earnings by 1 cent per share.We sold 829,000 Macintosh units and 733 iPods during the quarter. That represents a year over year increase
Apple Inc.	included in today's call, such information should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. While we don't anticipate providing non-GAAP measures other than those included in the earnings press release, should we provide others a reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP measures will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor.In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Fred Anderson for introductory remarks.FRED ANDERSON, EVP & CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. We are exceptionally pleased with the results of the March quarter for a number of reasons. Apple achieved very strong year-over-year revenue growth of 29% for the quarter and 33% for the first half of the fiscal year. This revenue growth is being driven by a much more diversified portfolio of hardware, software and service products than we have delivered in the past. As well as expanded distribution through the channel and our on-line and retail stores. More importantly, our results demonstrate operating margin expansion, excluding restructuring charges, operating margin was 3.2%
Apple Inc.	in today's call should be viewed in addition to, and not in lieu of, Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.Apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you very much for joining us. We are exceptionally pleased with the results of the June quarter, which exceeded our guidance. Revenue of 2.014 billion was up 30% year-over-year and represented the highest Q3 revenue for Apple in 8 years. Net income was 61 million or 16 cents per diluted share. These GAAP results include an after-tax restructuring charge of 6 million, or 1 cent per diluted share, primarily related to finalizing the closing of our Sacramento manufacturing operations. Operating margin increased to 3.6% from 0.6% in the year-ago quarter. Excluding the restructuring charge, operating margin was 4.0%, demonstrating the leverage in Apple's financial model that can be achieved as revenue
Apple Inc.	CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple COO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Whipfler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes and earnings per share. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2008 and the Form 8-K filed today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking our forecast. statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, VP FINANCE, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're extremely pleased to report record results for the December quarter that include surpassing $10 billion for the first time in Apple's history, setting a new record for iPod sales, and generating an all time high quarterly earnings. We entered the holiday season with our best product lineup ever, and
Apple Inc.	the Q&A session with analysts.Please note some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2008, the form 10-Q for the first fiscal quarter of 2009 and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Apple's CFO Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're extremely pleased to report the best nonholiday quarter revenue and earnings in our history. These results exceeded our expectations and we continue to be very pleased with our performance in this economy.Revenue for the quarter was $8.16 billion, representing 9% growth over the prior March quarter's results. Operating margin percentage for the quarter was one of our
Apple Inc.	compensation expense, taxes and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple Form 10-K for 2012, the Forms 10-Q for the first and second quarters of 2013, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.I'd now like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC: Thank you, Nancy.We are pleased to report the results of our third fiscal quarter. We established a new June quarter record for iPhone sales, driving Apple's strongest June quarter revenue ever. Revenue for the quarter was $35.3 billion, up $300 million, or 1% from the year-ago quarter, and at the high-end of our guidance range. Gross margin was 36.9%, also at the high-end of our guidance range, and operating margin was $9.2 billion, representing 26% of revenue. Net income was $6.9 billion, translating to diluted earnings per share of $7.47.Channel inventories declined sequentially by $1 billion during the June quarter this year, meaning that sell through was
Apple Inc.	of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website, www.apple.com/investor.I'd like to remind that you the second quarter of Apple's fiscal 2006 will end on April 1st, and will span 13 weeks, rather than the 14 weeks spanned by the first fiscal quarter. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public, by broadcasting the call live over the Internet.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, SVP, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are extremely proud to report a tremendous first quarter for Apple.Revenue of 5.75 billion, increased over 2 billion from last quarter's record revenue, and was up 65% year-over-year. This quarterly results also exceeded Apple's revenue for all of fiscal 2002. The quarter's revenue was fueled by record shattering iPod sales, solid Mac sales, and a 14th week of business during the quarter.Quarterly net income nearly doubled on a year-over-year basis, and also widely eclipsed the previous record established in the September quarter. Based on unusually strong operating margin of
Apple Inc.	the first fiscal quarter.&nbsp;Please also note that any non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the internet.And with that I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER: Thank you Nancy. Thank you for joining us.We are very pleased to report March quarter results that exceeded our guidance for both revenue and earnings. The quarter's revenue of $4.36 billion was the second highest in Apple's history, topped only by our record December quarter results and grew 34% year-over-year. These results were driven by continued strong growth in our Music business and solid performance in our Mac business during the transition to Intel. Operating margin for the quarter was 12.1%, and net income was $410 million, or $0.47 per diluted share on a GAAP basis.Excluding the impact of 42 million in non-cash stock-based compensation expense,
Apple Inc.	non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed is posted on Apple's website at www.Apple.com/investor.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're very pleased to report the second-highest quarterly revenue and earnings in Apple's history. The quarter's revenue was 4.37 billion, representing 24% year-over-year growth. The strong revenue was fueled by the best Mac unit sales in any 13 week quarter in Apple's history and continued healthy demand for our music products.Operating margin for the quarter was 13%, and net income was 472 million or $0.54 per diluted share on a GAAP basis. Excluding the impacts of 37 million in non-cash, stock-based compensation expense, operating margin was 13.8%, net income was 499 million and diluted earnings per share were $0.57. The quarter's robust operating margin was attributable to the revenue growth, a very favorable component environment and solid expense management.I would like to first talk about our Mac products, which represented 55% of our total quarterly revenue.
Apple Inc.	non-GAAP financial measures included in today's call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the internet. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, SVP & CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report an outstanding quarter that exceeded our expectations. Revenue of 2.35 billion was up 37% year-over-year, and represented the highest fourth fiscal quarter revenue for Apple in 9 years. Net income was 106 million, or 26 cents per diluted share. These GAAP results include an after-tax restructuring charge of 4 million, or 1 cent per diluted share, primarily related to vacating some European sales office space, as previously indicated. Our results were driven by a second consecutive quarter of over 450,000 portable Mac shipments, extraordinary sales of over 2 million iPods, and strong performance from our retail and online
Apple Inc.	call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, SVP OF FINANCE AND CORPORATE CONTROLLER, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are very pleased to report the highest quarterly revenue and earnings in Apple's history. Revenue of 3.52 billion grew 75% year-over-year, and net income of 320 million grew 425% year-over-year, generating earnings per diluted share of $0.37. These results were driven by the highest Mac sales in over four years, record iPod sales, and the very successful launch of Mac OS X Tiger.Operating margin increased to 12.1% from 3.6% in the year-ago quarter. The operating results were a function of strong revenue growth which allowed us to better leverage our operating expenses, as well as higher-than-expected gross margin of 29.7%.First, let's review our Macintosh
Apple Inc.	should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. I would like to remind you that the first quarter of Apple's fiscal 2006 will end on December 31, 2005 and will stand 14 weeks instead of the usual 13 weeks. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet. With that I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are extremely proud to have just completed the best year in Apple's history. In fiscal '05, Apple generated nearly 14 billion in revenue, more than doubling the Company's top line in the last two years. We shipped 4.5 million Mac, up 38% from last year and 22.5 million iPods, up 409% from last year. As a result, we earned a record setting annual profit of over $1.3 billion. For the fourth quarter, we are very pleased to report yet
Apple Inc.	per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2009 as amended, the Forms 10-Q for the first three quarters of fiscal 2010, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective date. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP - FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're extremely pleased to report the conclusion of a great fiscal year for Apple with outstanding results for the September quarter. Our innovative product line up is the best ever, and customer response has been tremendous. As a result, we set new all-time records for Mac, iPhone, and iPad sales in the September quarter, and we are thrilled to report the highest quarterly revenue and earnings in Apple's history.Revenue for the quarter was $20.34 billion, an increase of more than $8.1 billion over the prior September quarter's results, representing growth of
Apple Inc.	of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, SVP, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report the highest quarterly revenue and net income in Apple's history. Revenue of 3.49 billion was up 74% year-over-year and net income was 295 million or 70 cents per diluted share. These results were driven by very strong CPU sales and record demand for iPods. Operating margin increased to 11.5% from 3.7% in the year-ago quarter. The robust operating results were driven by very strong revenue growth which allowed us to better leverage our operating expenses, as well as gross margin of 28.5%, which was above our targeted range.First, I'd like to talk about our Mac-based results. We shipped 1,046,000 Macintosh units during the quarter, which is the highest number of quarterly shipments in over 4 years. Mac-unit shipments increased 26% over the
Apple Inc.	today's call should be viewed in addition to and not in lieu of Apple's GAAP results. A reconciliation of any GAAP and non-GAAP measures discussed will be posted on Apple's website at www.Apple.com/investor. In connection with SEC rules on corporate disclosure, Apple is making this analyst call open to the media and general public by broadcasting the call live over the Internet. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, SVP, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're pleased to report the highest March quarter of revenue and net income in Apple's history. Revenue of 3.243 billion was up 70% year-over-year, and net income was 290 million, up 530% year-over-year. Generating earnings per diluted share of $0.34. These results were driven by strong sales of MACs and iPods. Operating margin increased to 12.4% from 2.7% in the year ago quarter. The robust operating results were driven by the strong revenue growth which allowed us to better leverage our operating expenses, as well as the higher than expected gross margin of 29.8% that was well above our targeted range of 27 to 28%.First let's review our
Apple Inc.	the information you'll hear during the discussion will consist of forward-looking statements including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts.For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2011, the Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2012 and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speaks as of their respective dates.I'd now like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP OF FINANCE, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy.We are very pleased to report the results of our outstanding second fiscal quarter. We established new March-quarter records for iPhone, iPad, and Mac sales leading to our highest March-quarter revenue and earnings every. Revenue for the quarter was $39.2 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 59%. That's a new record for our March quarter, and is second only to the all-time record revenue we reported in the most recent December quarter.The year-over-year increase
Apple Inc.	today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts.For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2011, the Form 10-Q for the first and second quarters of fiscal 2012, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates.I'd now like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP OF FINANCE, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy.We're pleased to report the results of our third fiscal quarter. We established new all-time quarterly record for iPad unit sales and new June quarter records for iPhone and Mac unit sales. Leading to our highest June quarter of revenue and earnings ever.Revenue for the quarter was $35 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 23%. This $6.5 billion increase over the prior June quarter's results was driven primarily by strong growth in iPad and iPhone sales. Operating margin
Apple Inc.	today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts.For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2011, the Form 10-Q for the first and second quarters of fiscal 2012, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates.I'd now like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP OF FINANCE, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy.We're pleased to report the results of our third fiscal quarter. We established new all-time quarterly record for iPad unit sales and new June quarter records for iPhone and Mac unit sales. Leading to our highest June quarter of revenue and earnings ever.Revenue for the quarter was $35 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 23%. This $6.5 billion increase over the prior June quarter's results was driven primarily by strong growth in iPad and iPhone sales. Operating margin
Apple Inc.	thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer and he'll be joined by Apple's COO Tim Cook, and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with Alex.Please note some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses other income and expense, stock based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share and future products. Actual results and trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2009 and the Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2010 filed earlier today. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates.With that I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are thrilled to report our best quarter ever. We posted Apple's highest quarter revenue and earnings and set new records with sales of Macs and iPhones. We're shipping the best products in our history and customers love them. Today
Apple Inc.	today is CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session. Please note some of the information will consist of forward-looking statements including, without limitation, those regarding revenues, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast.For more information please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2009 as amended, the forms 10-Q for the first two quarters of fiscal 2010 and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarksPETER OPPENHEIMER, VP OF FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are extremely pleased to report outstanding results for the June quarter. During the quarter, we began shipping iPad to millions of delighted customers in ten countries, we launched a very popular iPhone 4, we shipped iOS4 with many great new
Apple Inc.	stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share and future products.Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2010 and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC this afternoon, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.With that I would like to turn the call over to Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are very pleased to report the outstanding results of our December quarter. The performance of our business was extremely strong as we sold more Macs, iPhones and iPads than in any previous quarter in Apple's history, and as a result, we are thrilled to announce all-time record quarterly revenue and earnings.Revenue for the quarter was $26.7 billion, an increase of more than $11 billion over the prior December quarter's results, representing growth of 71%. The robust revenue growth was fueled by record iPhone, iPad and Mac sales.Operating margin was over $7.8 billion, representing 29.3% of revenue. Net income was $6
Apple Inc.	Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY PAXTON, IR, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking today is Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple COO Tim Cook and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2010, the Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2011, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release.Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP FINANCE, CFO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us.We are very pleased to report the highest March quarter revenue and
Apple Inc.	the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, Other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2012, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.I'd now like to turn the call over to Tim Cook for introductory remarks.TIM COOK, CEO, APPLE COMPUTER, INC.: Thanks, Nancy, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are incredibly pleased to report an extraordinary quarter, with $54.5 billion in revenue, and new records for iPhone and iPad sales. No technology company has ever reported these kind of results. Apple is in one of the most prolific periods of innovation in new products in its history. Just in the last few months, we've introduced new products in every category that we made. Each one of these reflects our dedication to making the very best
Apple Inc.	products, and capital allocation plans. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2012, the Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2013, and the Forms 8-K filed with the SEC today along with the Associated Press releases. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.I'd now like to turn the call over to Tim Cook for introductory remarks.TIM COOK, CEO, APPLE INC.: Thanks, Nancy. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We have a lot of news to share with you today about the details of our March quarter, as well as a significant increase to our capital return program. First, I'd like to talk about our business and the road ahead. We're now halfway through our fiscal 2013 and we've accomplished a tremendous amount. We've introduced and ramped production of an unprecedented number of new products. And we've set many new sales records. Our revenue for the first half was over $98 billion. And our net income was over $22 billion. During that time we sold 85 million iPhones and
Apple Inc.	operating expenses, other income and expense, stock based compensation expense, taxes and earnings per share. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2007, the form's 10-Q for the first three quarters of 2008, and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're pleased to report our September quarter results, which were record breaking on a number of fronts. First, we sold more Macs than we have in any other quarter in Apple's history. Second, we sold more iPhones in the September quarter than in all previous quarters combined. Third, we sold more iPods than in any prior non-holiday quarter. Finally, we generated more revenue and earnings than in any previous September quarter in Apple's history.Revenue for the quarter was $7.9 billion, representing 27% growth, and
Apple Inc.	Apple's CFO Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2008. The forms 10-Q for the first two fiscal quarters of 2009, and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speaks of the respective date.And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us.We are very pleased to report record June quarter revenue and earnings and to once again report the highest non-holiday quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history. It was an extremely busy quarter for new product introductions and customers have responded
Apple Inc.	Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer and he'll be joined by Apple's COO Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including, without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in the Apple's Form 10-K for 2008, the Form 10-Q for the first three fiscal quarters of 2009, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective date.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP - FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're extremely pleased to report Apple's most profitable quarter ever and sales of more Macs and iPhones than in any previous quarter. We are thrilled with these record-breaking results, particularly given the
Apple Inc.	compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts.For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2010, the Form 10-Q for the first 3 quarters of fiscal 2011, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. I'd now like to turn the call over to Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, for introductory remarks.TIM COOK, CEO, APPLE INC: Thanks, Nancy. Good afternoon, everyone. This is our first earnings call since the passing of Steve Jobs. The world has lost a visionary, a creative genius, and an amazing human being. Steve was a great leader and mentor, and inspired everyone at Apple to do extraordinary things. His spirit will forever be the foundation of Apple, and we are dedicated to continuing the amazing work that he loved so much.Only Apple brings together software, hardware, and services into such a powerful and integrated experience for our customers. As we move forward, we will continue doing that with relentless focus. I'd like to
Apple Inc.	consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products.Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2011, and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates. I would now like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP OF FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC: Thank you, Nancy. We are thrilled to report the results of a tremendous quarter. Generating the highest quarterly revenue and earnings in Apple's history. We established numerous new records during the quarter, including all-time highs for quarterly iPhone, iPad, and Mac sales. We are very proud of these results and are extremely pleased with the momentum of our business.Revenue for the quarter was $46.3 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 73%. The increase was fueled primarily by strong growth in iPhone, iPad, and Mac sales and was also aided by the inclusion of
Apple Inc.	that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings per share, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2011, the Form 10-Q for the first three quarters of fiscal 2012, and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. And I'd now like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP OF FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're pleased to report the results of our fourth fiscal quarter. We established new September quarter records for iPhone, iPad and Mac unit sales, leading to our highest September quarter revenue and earnings ever.Revenue for the quarter was $36 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 27%. That's a $7.7 billion increase over the prior September quarter's results, and was driven primarily
Apple Inc.	With that, I would turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory comments.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP - FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased to report the highest March quarter revenue and earnings in Apple history. Revenue in the March quarter was $7.51 billion, an increase of more than $2.2 billion over the previous March quarter's revenue of $5.26 billion. The tremendous growth in the quarter was driven by very strong demand for Macs, higher revenue from iPod and iTunes and the continued popularity of the iPhone. Operating margin for the quarter better than expected at 17.5%, primarily due to the higher than anticipated revenue and gross margin. Net income was $1.05 billion, which was up 36% over the prior March quarter's results and translated to earnings per share of $1.16.Before going through the details of the March quarter, I'd like to give you a few data points indicating just how exceptionally well Apple performed. Revenue growth in the March quarter accelerated to 43% year-over-year, which is more than twice the 21% growth rate we achieved in the March quarter last year. We saw healthy growth in all regions, with
Apple Inc.	everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer. He'll be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer, Gary Wipfler for Q and A session with analysts. Please note that some of the information you'll hear during our discussion today may consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings and future products. Actual results or trends may differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2007, the form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2008 and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates. With that, I would turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory comments.PETER OPPENHEIMER, VP - FINANCE, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy and thank you for joining us. We are very pleased to report the highest March quarter revenue and earnings in Apple history. Revenue in the March quarter was $7.51 billion, an increase of more than $2.2 billion over the previous March quarter's
Apple Inc.	IR, CORPORATE FINANCE, APPLE INC.: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking today is Apple's CFO, Peter Oppenheimer, and he'll be joined by Apple's COO, Tim Cook, and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.Please note that some of the information you will hear during our discussion today may consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, iPhone sales, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, earnings, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's form 10-K for 2007, the forms 10-Q for the first two quarters of fiscal 2008, and the form 8-K filed with the SEC today, and the attached press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer, for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're very pleased to report the highest June quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history. Revenue in the quarter was $7.46
Apple Inc.	any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer, for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're very pleased to report the highest June quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history. Revenue in the quarter was $7.46 billion, representing 38% growth and the increase of more than $2 billion over the previous June quarter's revenue of $5.41 billion. The strong year-over-year growth was driven by the highest quarterly Mac shipments ever, and higher revenue from iPod, iTunes, and iPhone, which celebrated its first anniversary on June 29. Operating margin for the quarter was better than expected, at 18.6%, due primarily to higher than anticipated revenue and gross margin. Net income was $1.07 billion, which was up 31% over the prior June quarter's results, and translated to earnings per share of $1.19.Before getting into the details of the quarter's results, I'd like to begin with a few points that demonstrate how well Apple has continued to perform. The current June quarter's revenue growth of 38% was significantly above the 24% growth rate we achieved in last year's June quarter,
Apple Inc.	expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast.For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2012; the Forms 10-Q for the first three quarters of 2013; and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today, along with the associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates. I'd now like to turn the call over to Tim Cook for introductory remarks.TIM COOK, CEO, APPLE INC: Thanks, Nancy. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you very much for joining us. We're eager to share with you the results of the final quarter of Apple's fiscal 2013. We had a strong finish to an amazing year and Peter will provide details about the September quarter shortly.But first, I'm happy to tell you that Apple's business is stronger than ever. We are in the unique position of having world-class hardware, software, and service skills under one roof, which enables us to provide an unparalleled user experience to hundreds of millions of customers. And working with our vibrant developer community, we've built
Apple Inc.	Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report stellar financial results and another record breaking quarter for Apple. The quarter's revenue was $7.12 billion, representing 24% growth over the prior December quarter's record results, which included a 14th week. The revenue growth was driven by very strong iPod sales during the holiday season and continued robust demand for Macs. Operating margin for the quarter was exceptionally high at 18.6%, resulting from the revenue growth and effective cost management. We're particularly proud to have generated net income of $1 billion, which is up 78% over last year's record December quarter results, and translated to earnings per share of $1.14.I'd like to first talk about our Mac products and services, which represented 43% of our total quarterly revenue. We shipped a total of 1.61 million Macs, consistent with the record setting shipments in our September back-to-school quarter, and representing 28% growth over the 14-week year-ago quarter. We were very pleased with this growth, which was ahead of our expectations and represented about three times IDC's latest published market growth rate estimate for the December quarter. Ending channel inventory of
Apple Inc.	dates. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report strong financial results in the best March quarter in Apple's history.The quarter's revenue was $5.26 billion, representing 21% growth over the prior March quarter's results. The revenue growth was driven by very strong demand for Macs and another great quarter for iPod sales. Operating margin for the quarter was very strong at 18.7%, resulting from stronger than expected revenue and an extremely favorable commodity cost environment. We generated net income of $770 million, which was up 88% over the prior March quarter's results, and translated to earnings per share of $0.87.I'd like to first talk about our Mac products and services which represented 56% of our total quarterly revenue. We shipped a total of 1.52 million Macs representing 36% growth over the year ago quarter. We continued to be very pleased with our Mac sales growth which was ahead of our expectations and represented more than three times IDC's latest published industry growth rate estimate for the March quarter.Demand for our Mac Books and Mac Book Pros
Apple Inc.	update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates.&nbsp;With that I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report strong financial results and another landmark quarter for Apple. Revenue of $5.41 billion was the highest for a June quarter in the history of Apple and represented 24% growth over the prior June quarter sales. The revenue was fueled by record breaking Mac sales and continued strong demand for iPods. Operating margin for the quarter was stronger than expected at 19.2%, resulting from higher than expected revenue and the continued very favorable commodity cost environment. We generated net income of $818 million, which was up 73% over the prior June quarter's results, and translated to earnings per share of $0.92.I'd like to talk first about our Mac production and services, which represented 60% of our total quarterly revenue. We're extremely pleased to have shipped 1.76 million Macs setting an all-time quarterly record for Apple and representing 33% growth over the year-ago quarter. Mac shipments in the U.S. grew by 32% year over year, representing over four
Apple Inc.	their respective dates. With that I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.PETER OPPENHEIMER, CFO, APPLE INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We're pleased to report record results, including the highest September quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history. Revenue of $6.22 billion increased 29% over the prior September quarter. The revenue was driven by record Mac sales and continued strong demand for iPods. Operating margin for the quarter was stronger than expected at 17.1%, resulting primarily from higher revenue and gross margin than we had anticipated. Net income was $904 million, which was up 67% over the prior September quarter's results and translated to earnings per share of $1.01.I would like to first talk about our Mac products and services, which represented 62% of our total quarterly revenue. We're extremely pleased to have shipped 2.16 million Macs, [400,000] above the June quarters all time record for Apple and representing 34% growth over the year-ago quarter. On a worldwide basis, Apple's growth rate was over 2 times IDC's most recently-published market growth rate for the September quarter. Customers responded very favorably to the new iMacs we announced in August, driving 31%
ABB	available for two weeks following the conference. (Operator Instructions). At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Hogan, CEO of ABB. You are now joined with your conference room. Thank you.&nbsp;JOHN CORONA, IR, ABB: So I would like to welcome you, ladies and gentlemen, to ABB Limited's fourth-quarter and 2008 full-year results. My name is [John Corona] for those of you that don't know me and I am filling in for Michel Gerber who, unfortunately, is recovering from the flu. But he is here somewhere. I can't see so well out there. You probably have more of a glare than I do, huh?So before we get started, I would like to point out the emergency exits to you in the unlikely event of an emergency. We have the two doors at the front of the room here on each side and the one door in the back -- well, I guess that is the front for you, that you probably walked in through to get into this room. Those are the three exits and I am sure we will have people helping you get out if that was necessary.Today, with us, we have Joe
ABB	2 is our Safe Harbor text covering any forward-looking statements that we make at ABB. I know you're familiar with that. So we'll move to chart 3, which is titled Improved results on a balanced portfolio.We continue to see positive impact on all results from a balanced and geographic business portfolio. We grew orders in a number of key sectors and geographies, including China. And we saw an encouraging trend with sequential order growth in almost all of our product businesses compared to the first quarter of the year.At the same time, we executed from our strong order backlog to drive both revenues and higher earnings. And we continue to take out costs to maintain profitability, despite an uncertain market.Orders were down as the strategic realignment in Power Systems launched at the end of last year started to take shape, with our focus on greater project selectivity and higher profitability. But we are pleased to see the first positive result in terms of higher gross margins in the division's order backlog.There have been delays in the award of large orders, which is linked to the ongoing global macroeconomic uncertainty, and that impacted the orders this quarter. But our underlying demand
ABB	for improved power infrastructure and increased industrial efficiency. On top of that, our efforts to further improve our business performance continue to pay off. Orders are sharply higher in almost all divisions and regions. Revenues are also higher, although growing at a lower pace than orders. This is the result of the increasing share of large orders in our backlog. I'll come back to this shortly.Good performance in four out of five divisions, the right attention to non-core activities, and a continued focus on corporate cost control helped us to achieve a strong EBIT and EBIT margin in the quarter. The year-on-year comparison looks particularly positive because of the $66m charge we took in the Power Products division the second quarter last year for our transformer consolidation program. We recorded only $3m of charges for that program in the second quarter this year. However, even disregarding this one-off cost, we were able to increase our total EBIT by more than 40%.The two product divisions, Power Products and Automation Products, showed a strong performance in Q2, both with regard to volume development and operating margin.In our Power Systems and Process Automation divisions, improved project quality and execution contributed to improved margins.
ABB	the presentation. We refer to chart two for our Safe Harbor text regarding forward looking statements that may be made today.&nbsp;Chart three. Let me start with an overview of our performance on chart three. The third quarter of 2006 was an excellent quarter in almost every respect. Our leading market positions and focus on execution continue to pay off. Strong global demand for improved power infrastructure and increased industrial efficiency continued. And the ongoing efforts to further improve our business performance successfully translated into higher earnings.Group orders were again sharply higher, up 16% in local currencies. The strong performance by the two product divisions and a massive increase in our Process Automation activities more than offset the negative impact of the timing of large orders awarded in our Power Systems division.Revenues, with an increase of 5% in local currencies, also continued to grow although at a lower pace than orders. Like in the previous quarter, this is mainly the result of the increase in share of large orders in our backlog. I will come back to this shortly.A good overall performance in four out of five divisions, the positive development in the non core activities and a continued progress in
ABB	markets continue to develop positively. It also compensated for the reduction in large orders compared to the second quarter of last year. You will remember at that time we booked a $390 million power transmission order for the Three Gorges hydro project in China.The Automation Technologies division led the EBIT improvement in the quarter, up 28% versus the same period last year. The effect of operational improvement in the Power Technologies division was unfortunately more than offset by the charge taken for the consolidation of the transformers business that we announced at the end of June. We also took provisions for some litigation costs. I'll come back to these in a moment.Slide 4 ABB Group. We were able to lift our net income by 42% to $126 million compared to the second quarter of 2004. With [inaudible], despite additional costs in EBIT that I just mentioned, and a one-time additional charge in interest expense of about $14 million, most of this was related to the fine levied against ABB in 1998 following violations of competition rules by a district [heating] subsidiary. That business was part of our former power generation division that has since been sold. These charges in total
ABB	discuss our first quarter 2011 results. As always, my comments on this call refer to the presentation that you likely have already downloaded from our website at ABB.com.Please refer to chart 2 for our Safe Harbor text covering any forward-looking statements we want to make today.So moving on to chart 3, so let's start with a summary of our first quarter performance on this chart. One thing that came through again this quarter was how our leading market positions and lean cost base continue to pay off. Industrial spending remained high, fueling momentum in both of our Automation and Power businesses. With commodity prices on the rise, our Automation customers continue to expand capacity, invest in more energy efficient technologies, and improve productivity.Utility customers are also more active, investing in grid interconnections, the integration of renewable energies, and in the Power Distribution end of the grid, we're higher in industrial activities, driven greater demand for electricity.For ABB, that's translated into organic order growth of about 19%, or 25%, including the impacts of acquisitions, mainly, our recent Baldor acquisition.A little bit later in the presentation, I'll update you regarding those acquisitions, but keep in mind that we closed the Baldor transaction
ABB	covering any forward-looking statements we may make today.Let me start with a summary of our first quarter performance on chart 3. The first highlight in the quarter is the strong performance we showed on top line, despite the tougher market environment, compared with a very strong Q1 a year ago. Orders are steady, up slightly in local currencies, and flat year on year, excluding the Baldor acquisition, while revenues are 8% higher, up 6% on an organic basis.The Americas showed strong growth, especially North America, which helps us offset weaker demand in China and southern Europe. I'll come back to the regional picture in more detail in a moment.We've been working hard to grow the Services business, and this quarter, we saw some results, and Services outgrew the Group on orders and revenues. As we guided after Q4, we saw continued price and mix pressure on operational earnings. We can mitigate some of these through the cost savings and positive effects, but with increases in selling and R&D investments this quarter, we saw a decline in operational EBITDA margin.Cash flows were lower, as we saw a seasonal increase in net working capital in the divisions, as well as some higher
ABB	let's quickly move to chart 3.So just from a high level standpoint, we announced that both orders and revenues were higher, despite, obviously, the uncertain market conditions that exist around the world today. Currency translation is, I would say, kind of as an overlay, there's a lot of noise in our numbers, and hopefully, this presentation hopes to clear up some of that noise. The two big areas of noise would be the Thomas & Betts acquisition, along with the currency translation piece. And when you look at the currency translation, it reduced reported revenues by about $600 million, and EBITDA by about $100 million. So, you know, substantial, in that sense.China orders stabilized, particularly in Low Voltage products, where we had some issues in the first quarter. North America is still strong for us. We saw a rebound in the Middle East, and Europe is steady. I'd say there's a two-tier Europe, between North and South. I'll talk about it. But at least it was a positive orders quarter.Order price pressure in Power is easing, and I say slightly, but we do see that easing. Steady Power project margins over the last three quarters, and Michel and I will
ABB	expected results from our strong focus on execution, we are on track to hit or exceed the top end of our 2005 Group EBIT margin target. Our earnings before interest and taxes increased more than 80% in the third quarter. Net income rose to $188 million, almost double the level of last year. Our net income increased, despite about $70 million in non-operational charges from this continued operations and finance expense. Cash flow improved as well, as did our net debt. We made further progress towards resolving the asbestos issue, and in September we announced our new strategic direction medium-term target for 2009. So, overall, it has been an eventful and very positive quarter.Let me now turn to the results in more detail. End markets continued to develop very favorably for both divisions. Orders were higher in most regions, and base orders increased at the Group's pace again, which supported our revenue growth. Large orders also increased by almost 50%, as we saw some large power systems projects [unintelligible], mainly in the Middle East. We continued to see the benefits of early cost reduction programs, intensified sourcing from low-cost countries, and pushed through price increases to offset the higher cost
ABB	and the conference is being recorded. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.(Operator Instructions)At this time, you will be joined to the conference room. Thank you.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Okay, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to this year's ABB Q4 Results Analysts and Investor Meeting. Again, like every year, just a little security applies. There are emergency exit doors to the left and the right, and also there in the back. We are actually not expecting an emergency today, but in case there is a siren or something going off, it is real, it is not training, so please exit quietly through these doors and follow instructions given by the various ABB people around you.We also, as usual, have people following this conference here on the phone via conference call or over the web. We have a webcast, as well. So if we later on come to the Q&A session, we -- every year we will use microphones. Please wait until you have the microphone. State your name and company you work for, and so that also the on the phone or the webcast can hear what your questions, or otherwise, we would always have to repeat the
ABB	growth in cash. We think improved geographic scoped in some successful M&A, this year, and carryover from the previous year, has really helped us. So if you take a look, we feel we've delivered reasonable results through this cycle.We took significant actions in 2012 to adjust our geographic and portfolio balance. Especially when you think of Thomas & Betts, and especially in the context of North America, too, we're now in the range of $9 billion to $10 billion in that geography, which is the largest region that we have within the business.On an organic basis, we delivered a decent top line in profitability in what we feel is a tough market. Furthermore, we addressed some critical issues in our Power Systems business, with a one-off charge of $350 million. We hate, as I mentioned before, the idea of this kind of a write-off, but we feel that the business is well positioned, going forward, in the sense of delivering higher returns and also, returns without the risk that we've experienced before.We also executed on our strategy to develop disruptive technologies. When you look at our direct current hybrid high-voltage DC breaker, which is really one of the biggest breakthroughs
ABB	to chart 2, and that's our Safe Harbor statement. And I challenge anybody to find a change in that for the last couple of quarters.Moving on to chart 3, we feel good about the quarter overall, from an operational standpoint, and also from a strategic standpoint, too, and we'll talk more about that. Given the uncertainties in the global economy, we feel that we've performed as we should have, and as we planned. We continue to execute well, and we're balancing solid cost discipline that we see across the portfolio with targeted growth in businesses and regions where we have competitive advantages, especially in areas like industrial efficiency, power reliability, and renewable energy.Our balanced portfolio and global footprint contributed to the resilient performance overall, allowing us to find and capture growth opportunities in a mixed market. For example, we won some key orders in marine and mining and robotics, and increased emerging market orders by double digits, by 10%.We looked at total revenues on both an organic and an inorganic basis. Our execution on cost remains strong, with very tight discipline on our G&A expenses. Continued success in sourcing and productivity improvements saved us about $260 million in the quarter.The
ABB	morning. I just want to thank you for joining our conference call for the third quarter 2008 results. Michel Demare, our Chief Financial Officer, is here with me today, too. As usual, my comments in this call refer to the presentation which you can download from our website at www.abb.com.So, if you refer to Chart 2, you'll see our safe harbor text regarding forward-looking statements that may be made today.This Chart 3 gives you an overview of our Q3 performance. Our solid revenue, earnings and cash flow growth in the third quarter demonstrate an ability to successfully execute across all of our businesses.Demand remained positive in most markets, and we continue to benefit from long-term trends, to expand and upgrade power infrastructure, improve industrial productivity, and lower environmental impact.We reported double digit revenue and EBIT growth in four out of our five divisions, led by Power Products and Automation Products, with the U.S. and Asia leading the growth. We increased EBIT despite a $100 million negative impact from hedge accounting, or the equivalent of 1.1%. On that basis, our true operating margin was 15.8%. And we converted more earnings to the bottom line, and generated in excess of $1 billion
ABB	the presentation that you can download from our website at ABB.com.Please refer to chart two for the Safe Harbor covering any forward-looking statements we might make today.Let me start with a summary of our third quarter performance on chart three. This was a solid quarter where we continued to execute well. Our cost-savings again more than offset price pressure in Power and we continued to build the order backlog which will support growth in the coming quarters.Growth in early-cycle businesses slowed this quarter, partly on comparisons on the very strong rates we saw a year ago, as well as weaker demand in some industrial sectors.In total, we saw orders up 12% in local currency to almost $10 billion and 6% higher on an organic basis, excluding the Baldor acquisition. Revenues were stable to higher in all divisions and increased 11% in local currencies and 4% organically.That generated $1.6 billion in operational EBITDA, an increase of 24% compared to the same quarter in 2010, with an operational EBITDA margin of 16.7%, about 0.4% higher than in Q3 2010.Baldor made a significant contribution of more than $500 million in sales and about $100 billion in operational EBITDA. I'll come back to the
ABB	us. I'll also let you know that the presentation we're going to refer to here in the initial part of this presentation is on ABB.com.I'd also call your attention to our Safe Harbor statement that's on chart two and -- regarding just forecasts and statements on the business.But I'd like to start off on chart four and we feel, despite, I think, initial market reaction, we feel pretty good about our performance in 2011. We reported double-digit increase in orders, double-digit increase in revenues and also a significant increase in operation EBITDA for the quarter.And despite some concerns on cash flow that we expressed to you, Michel and I, in the third quarter, the teams really came in -- through very strongly in the sense of delivering strong fourth quarter cash flow. We can start to give you, Michel specifically, can give you some of the details of that in the sense of how that came through.So, I'd like to turn now to chart five. Chart five gives you the representation of orders and revenues in different parts of our income statement. It's a real breakthrough for us to hit $40 billion in orders. It's the first time this business,
ABB	to chart 3.Chart 3 is a summary of what we saw in Q3, we want to share with you. And consequently, the rest of the slides are just a backup to these [thoughts]. Base orders were steady in a mixed economic environment. When we say steady, our base orders are actually up 8% in total, but about flat organically overall. When you roll out Thomas & Betts, it comes to flat. Remember, base orders are any orders that are $15 million or below.China we say is moving sideways. Everyone, I'm sure, remembers the severe downturn we had in the Low Voltage business in China in the first quarter of this year. China's stabilized for us since then. In fact, China's business within Low Voltage Products is actually up for this quarter. But in general, we see China moving sideways. It's about 0% growth, and I'll talk about that on our orders chart.Operational EBITDA we see steady versus Q2 2012, just up 1 point; and versus Q3 2011, it's down. And that was a very strong quarter for us and, again, we'll get into that comparison.Power Products operational EBITDA margin is steady for the fourth consecutive quarter. In line with what
ABB	a microphone so that people on the phone or on the Web can actually hear your question.&nbsp;There is also again a bit of housekeeping with regard to security measures in case of an emergency evacuation procedure here at the conference. There are no plans to test the alarm today as usual. So if an alarm is activated, please follow the instruction of ABB hosts and leave the room by the exit in the back of the hall. It's -- actually, it's the one to my right, your left, or the two exits here in front of the room. So this is a bit of housekeeping.Today the conference will be hosted and led by Michel Demare, CEO of ABB Group. We also have here with us today our Chairman, Hubertus von Gruenberg and, as usual, the entire executive team of ABB, in case you have any very detailed additional questions on the business, or questions for Mr. von Gruenberg. And they will certainly be more than happy in trying and answering them.So with that, enough said, and now I would like to hand over to Michel.MICHEL DEMARE, CEO, ABB: Thank you, Michel. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A pleasure to see
ABB	von Gruenberg and, as usual, the entire executive team of ABB, in case you have any very detailed additional questions on the business, or questions for Mr. von Gruenberg. And they will certainly be more than happy in trying and answering them.So with that, enough said, and now I would like to hand over to Michel.MICHEL DEMARE, CEO, ABB: Thank you, Michel. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A pleasure to see you all here again. Thank you for your interest in ABB and, as Michel just mentioned, I have here the support of the full EC team and the Board Chairman, Hubertus von Gruenberg. And I will make sure as well that once we are down to questions that you also get a chance to talk with all the various members of the Executive Committee so that we can have really a good dialog about the current state of business.Today, it's all about talking about the results and I'm pretty happy and proud to talk to you about the 2007 numbers that, I think I can say, was another record year for ABB, both in terms of orders or organic growth and revenue growth. But as well, in terms of
ABB	CFO, Eric Elzvik. You know that Eric and I worked together very well in the Discrete Automation division, and it's great to see the proven team together again today.So, today, we're going to take you through the results together with Eric here. And then I will take some time to talk to you about where I see ABB's strengths and where I think we can do more. I'll summarize with a midterm view of our end markets and the near-term outlook for our businesses.Before I start, and this is now related to slide number 2, let me remind you that, as always, my comments in this call refer to the presentation that you can download from our Website at ABB.com.Also, please, refer to the important notices outlined on chart 2 regarding any forward-looking statements made today.So let me move to chart number 3, which shows an overview of the quarter. We showed solid performance across the business. And it's was demonstrated by the increase in revenues, operational earnings, net income, and cash from operations, which was up by almost $0.5 billion versus a year ago.Our base orders returned to year-over-year growth and were higher in most regions and all divisions
ABB	please refer to that chart for our Safe Harbor text regarding forward-looking statements that may be made today.Chart three, strong growth outstanding operating margins. Let me start with an overview of our performance on chart three. Our second quarter was marked by continued strong growth with outstanding operating margins. As a market and technology leader, ABB continues to benefit from strong global investments in energy efficiency as well as power and industrial infrastructure. Electrical utilities in the OECD countries continued to invest in girds and upgrades and interconnections to improve the efficiency and reliability of the power networks.In the emerging markets, the expansion of power infrastructure to support high GDP growth also continued in the second quarter. Soaring oil and commodity prices drove investments by our industrial automation customers to expand capacity and make existing assets more productive.Our probability benefited from the combination of market strength and our ongoing focus on better businesses execution. We repeated the very strong performance of the first quarter with improvements across all divisions and regions. In local currencies orders were up 20% to $8.7 billion and revenues increased 21% to $7.1 billion. Our order backlog continued to expand and is now above $20 billion.
ABB	Safe Harbor text regarding forward-looking statements that may be made today.&nbsp;Chart three. Then we start with an overview of our performance on chart three. A combination of strong market growth and operational discipline has once again paid off for ABB. Our market and technology leadership, together with performance improvements, are helping us to reap the full benefits from continuing global growth and heightened concerns about climate change and energy efficiency. Our customers continue to invest in expanding power infrastructure in emerging markets and in replacing aging equipment and strengthening grids in mature markets. Industrial customers have also maintained investment in productivity improvements and cost reductions by lowering their energy consumption.As a result, Group orders increased by 25% in local currencies to reach $8.3b. It was the 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit order growth for the Group. Revenues grew by 19% to $7.2b. This reflects a combination of our very strong order backlog and some further price increases to offset higher raw material costs.Our very positive revenue growth and our ongoing performance improvements allowed us to generate EBIT of $1b, up 55% versus a year ago, and an EBIT margin of 14.4% compared to 11.8% in Q3 last year. Included in
ABB	heard here. So with that I would like to hand over to Jurgen Dormann. Please.&nbsp;JURGEN DORMANN, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, ABB LTD: Thank you very much. I was wondering, why don't we go directly to those guys who are running the businesses, the next time perhaps we will be ready for that; balance sheet, finance, all other [assets] that will be in line anyhow, so it's really a focus in the business.Welcome ladies and gentlemen, 2003 end year results; it was a turnaround year. A year of important progress, the core businesses posted significant improvements in a challenging year, despite mixed markets, and ABB Group nearly doubled EBIT in 2003. The core divisions lifted operating cash flow for the full year, generating almost $1.5b in cash. In Q4 we saw a robust orders and revenue gross and the core divisions improved revenues and EBIT for their fifth consecutive quarter. We are continuing to divest non-core activities and are on track to deliver gross proceeds exceeding $2b from our divestments. Finalizing the divestment program and driving operational improvement even further will remain our priority in 2004. In operation excellence, we can already point to solid progress.In 2003, we were able to sustainably
Abbott Laboratories	Executive Officer, and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and our Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom will review the details of our financial results and guidance for 2009. I'll then discuss the highlights of our major businesses, and of course, as always, following our comments, we'll take any questions that you have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A, risk factors to our 2007 Form 10K and in Abbott's quarterly report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10Q for the quarters ended June 30 and September 30, 2008 and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help all you understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today,
Abbott Laboratories	questions you have.&nbsp;Some of the comments we make today will be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Added caution that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005 and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, SG&A, each excluding specified items. In accordance with the SEC's Regulation G and in line with our standard reporting practice, these non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and Q&A, which we issued this morning and is available on our website at www.Abbott.com.And with that, I will now turn the call over to
Abbott Laboratories	events or developments. In today's conference call, as we have in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand our ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, R&D and SG&A, each excluding specified items in stock compensation expense. In accordance with the SEC's regulation G and in line with Abbott's standard reporting practice, these non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release in Q&A, which we issued this morning and is available on our website. With that, let me turn the call over to Tom. Tom?TOM FREYMAN, EVP FINANCE & CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. For the first quarter we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $0.57 including the impact of stock compensation expense which was $0.07 in the quarter or $0.64 excluding this impact. The $0.57 was within our previous guidance range. Sales increased nearly 8% when adjusted for the Boehringer Ingelheim or BI distribution agreement and before an unfavorable 2.7% effective exchange rates. I'd note that if current exchange rates were to hold, the first quarter would be our most difficult exchange comparison to the prior year.
Abbott Laboratories	are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as we have done in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, R&D, and SG&A, each excluding specified items, and stock compensation expense. In accordance with the SEC's Regulation G and in line with Abbott's standard reporting practice, these non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and Q&A issued this morning and available on our website at www.abbott.com. And with that, I will turn it over to Tom. Tom?TOM FREYMAN, EVP FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. As you can see from our earnings release, Abbott's second-quarter performance was strong across our broad base of businesses. As a result of our performance, as well as some tax rate favorability in the quarter, this morning we're raising our full-year sales forecast
Abbott Laboratories	and the 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31st, 2006 and are incorporated by reference.We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as we have in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help our investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, R&D and SG&A, each excluding specified items and including stock compensation expense. In accordance with the SEC's Regulation G and in line with Abbott standard reporting practice, these non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with a comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and Q&A which you probably saw this morning was issued and available on our web site at www.abbott.com.With that let me turn the call over to Tom. Tom.TOM FREYMAN, EXECUTIVE VP, FINANCE AND CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone.As you may have seen from today's earnings news release Abbott delivered another strong quarter with double digit sales growth adjusted for BI, double digit investment in R&D and SG&A, and significant improvement in the Company's gross margin ratio ahead of our expectations which I'll discuss
Abbott Laboratories	forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We caution that these forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our quarterly report for the period ended March 31, 2005, on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions of forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in all calls, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, SG&A, and R&D, each excluding one-time items.In accordance with the SEC's Regulation G, and in line with Abbott's standard reporting practice, these non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release issued this morning, and Q&A which is available also on our Web site at www.abbott.com.So with that I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?TOM FREYMAN, EVP FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES:
Abbott Laboratories	that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our quarterly report for the period ended June 30th, 2005 on Securities and Exchange Commission form 10-Q and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, SG&A, and R&D, each excluding specified items. In accordance with the SEC's Regulation G, and in line with Abbott's standard reporting practice, these non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release in Q&A, issued this morning and available on our website.With that, let me turn over the call to Tom. Tom?THOMAS FREYMAN, EVP OF FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John. And good morning, everyone.For the third quarter, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $0.58, within our previous guidance range of $0.56 to $0.58. This
Abbott Laboratories	as always. Some statements made today may be forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in the Exhibit 99.1 of our quarterly report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30th, 2004, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. Today's call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand our ongoing business performance. In accordance with the SEC's Regulation G, and in line with Abbott's standard reporting practice these non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and Q&A issued this morning which is also available on our website at www.abbott.com. So with that I will turn the call over to Tom. Tom?TOM FREYMAN, EVP, FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. For the third
Abbott Laboratories	Miles is going to make some opening remarks and Tom will review the fourth quarter and year-end financial results and provide more financial detail regarding our outlook for 2005. Rick will cover the Medical Products Group, and Jeff will discuss performance of the Pharmaceutical Products Group. Following our comments we'll take any questions, of course, that you may have.Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30th, 2004, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.Today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, and SG&A, each excluding one-time charges. In accordance with the
Abbott Laboratories	Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in exhibit 99.1 of our 2004 Securities and Exchange Commission form 10-K and are incorporated by reference.&nbsp;We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand our ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin and SG&A, each excluding one-time charges. In accordance with the SEC's regulation G and in line with Abbott's standard reporting practice, these non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earning news release and Q&A, which we issued this morning and is available on our web site at www.abbott.com. With that I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?TOM FREYMAN, EVP FINANCE & CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. For the first quarter we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.58, consistent with our previous guidance range of $0.57 to $0.59. Sales increased 16% in the first quarter. This was driven by strength across
Abbott Laboratories	our outlook for the year. Larry and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, we will take any questions you may have as always.Some statements made today may be forward-looking, including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company from the diversified medical products company and the expected financial results of the two companies after the separation. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at Abbott.com.With that I will
Abbott Laboratories	and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, as always, we will take any questions that you might have.Some statements made today may be forward-looking, including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company AbbVie from the diversified medical products company Abbott and the expected financial results of the two companies after separation. Abbott cautions that these forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our Annual Report on the Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and are incorporated by reference.We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as we always do, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand our ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today which will be available on our website, at Abbott.com. And with that, I will
Abbott Laboratories	on today's call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.Miles will provide his opening remarks and Tom will review the details of our fourth-quarter results and our outlook for 2011. I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments Miles, Tom, Larry and I will take your questions.Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott operations are discussed in Item 1A, risk factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, and in Item 1A, risk factors to our quarterly reports on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2010 and September 30, 2010, and are incorporated by reference.We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as we do in the
Abbott Laboratories	AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning and thanks, everyone, for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter and the outlook for the year. Larry and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, we will take your questions.Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and are incorporated by reference.We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.And today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure and our earnings news
Abbott Laboratories	opening remarks and our 2013 outlook. Tom will then provide a brief overview of our fourth-quarter and full-year 2012 performance as well as some additional detail on our 2013 outlook and guidance. I will then provide highlights and guidance for each of our major businesses. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, and I will take your questions.Please note that our discussion of 2012 performance will include the results of what is now AbbVie. However, AbbVie will provide additional highlights and details of their 2012 performance and 2013 outlook on their call next Wednesday, January 30.Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2013. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and in the interim reports filed on Form 10-Q for subsequent quarterly periods. Abbott
Abbott Laboratories	and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions.Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2013. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are disclosed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012.Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at Abbott.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to
Abbott Laboratories	and I will discuss the business operating highlights as normal. Following our comments, we'll take any questions that you have.Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A risk factors to our 2007 Form 10K. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as the result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, nonGAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These nonGAAP financial measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at Abbott.com. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?TOM FREYMAN, EVP, FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John, and good morning. Today we're pleased to report third quarter results that beat expectations with high teens sales and earnings growth. Diluted earnings per share of $0.79 were above our previous guidance range of $0.76
Abbott Laboratories	obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as the result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, nonGAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These nonGAAP financial measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at Abbott.com. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?TOM FREYMAN, EVP, FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John, and good morning. Today we're pleased to report third quarter results that beat expectations with high teens sales and earnings growth. Diluted earnings per share of $0.79 were above our previous guidance range of $0.76 to $0.78, reflecting EPS growth of nearly 18% over the prior year. We're also pleased to be raising our EPS outlook for the full year 2008. Sales for the quarter were [$7.5 billion], an increase of more than 17%, also ahead of our previous forecast. As a result of our performance to date and our outlook for the remainder of the year, today we're again raising our full year ongoing earnings per share guidance
Abbott Laboratories	diversified medical products and the other in research-based pharmaceuticals. And, second, we will be talking about our strong third-quarter ongoing earnings results.Joining me on today's call is Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Rick Gonzalez, Executive Vice President Global Pharmaceuticals; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.Miles and Rick will review the strategic rationale related to our announcement this morning, as well as provide an overview of each of these new companies and their investment identities.Tom will discuss certain financial aspects and conclude with a brief review of our third-quarter results, which we have summarized today to allow for sufficient time to discuss today's other major announcement.Details on our third quarter can be found in our earnings news release. Following our comments today, of course, we will take any questions you have as always.I would also note that we posted a 12-page slide deck to our Abbott website this morning at www.abbottinvestor.com, and this deck summarizes the details of our announcement this morning regarding the separation.In addition, this morning I am pleased to announce that we will be hosting a two-hour investor meeting
Abbott Laboratories	Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations.Miles will provide his opening remarks and Tom will review the details of our fourth-quarter results as well as our outlook for 2012. I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, Larry, and I will take your questions.Some statements made today may be forward-looking including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company from the diversified medical products company and the expected financial results of the two companies after the separation. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1a risk factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These
Abbott Laboratories	ongoing earnings results, as well as provide new information regarding the separation of Abbott's proprietary pharmaceutical business into a new, independent company called at AbbVie. Joining me on today's call is Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Abbott; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Abbott; Rick Gonzalez, who will become Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of AbbVie; Bill Chase, who will become Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer of AbbVie; and Laura Schumacher, who will be Executive Vice President and General Counsel of AbbVie, and head of a number of corporate functions; including licensing and acquisitions, external affairs, and investor relations.Also joining on today's call is Brian Yoor, who will become the new head of Investor Relations at Abbott, post-separation. Brian has been with Abbott in numerous financial roles for 15 years, most recently as controller of our diagnostics division. Larry Peepo, who is also on today's call, will remain Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations, at Abbott. I will be moving over to AbbVie to head Investor Relations and Public Affairs.Today, Miles will begin with an update on the separation, as well as our outlook
Abbott Laboratories	Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, risk factors to our annual report, on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10K for the year ended December 31st, 2006, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, nonGAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These nonGAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure and earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on Abbott's website at abbott.com. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Miles. Miles?MILES WHITE, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, CEO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Okay. Thanks, John, and good morning to all of you. As you can see from our earnings news release, Abbott reported another year of strong results in 2007 while at the same time investing for our future. In
Abbott Laboratories	Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions.Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2013. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012.Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at Abbott.com.With that I will now turn the call over to Miles.MILES WHITE,
Abbott Laboratories	Following our comments we'll take any questions you may have.Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A, Risk Factors in exhibit 99.1 to our annual report on the Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2005 and in item 1A Risk Factors to our quarterly report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006 and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions of forward looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today which will be available on our web site at www.abbott.com. And
Abbott Laboratories	are discussed in item 1-A, Risk Factors To Our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at Abbott.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?TOM FREYMAN, EVP - FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John, and good morning. For the first quarter, we reported diluted earnings per share excluding specified items of $0.55, including the contribution from discontinued operations, ahead of our previous guidance range of $0.51 to $0.53, which also included discontinued operations. Higher TAP joint venture income impacted earnings per share by $0.02, resulting from a favorable outcome in a patent dispute. As a result, we're raising our full year 2007 guidance, as I'll discuss in a moment.Regarding the P&L,
Abbott Laboratories	affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2006, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at Abbott.com. And so with that, I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?TOM FREYMAN, EVP, FINANCE & CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John, and good morning. As you can see from our earnings news release this morning, we reported very strong results for the second quarter, with mid teen sales growth and EPS of $0.69 per share, at the high end of our guidance range. Results were broad based, with pharmaceuticals, medical products, and international nutritionals all reporting strong double-digit growth. Our major pharmaceuticals, including Humira and TriCor, had a particularly good quarter, as John
Abbott Laboratories	ended December 31st, 2006, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release any publicly revised to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's call, as in the past, nonGAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These nonGAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today which will be available on our website at Abbott.com. So with that I will turn the call over to Tom. Tom.TOM FREYMAN, EVP FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Thanks, John. And good morning. As you've seen from today's earnings news release our third quarter results reflect continued strong momentum across our major businesses. The sales growth in the mid teens and earnings per share of $0.67 above our previous guidance range of $0.64 to $0.66. And based on our performance so far this year we've raised the lower end of our EPS guidance range for 2007, as I'll discuss in a moment. Strong overall sales growth of 14.4% in the quarter was ahead of our previous forecast. Exchange favorably impacted sales by 2.8%. Sales in our medical products businesses
Abbott Laboratories	of the Pharmaceutical Products Group. Following our comments, we will take some questions. Some statements made today will be forward-looking statements for purposes of the securities -- Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.&nbsp;Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in exhibit 99.1 of our Securities and Exchange Commission form 10Q for the period ended in 2003; and are incorporated by reference. Forward-looking statements should also be evaluated together with the disclosure regarding Hospira contained in the risk factor section of Hospira's form 10 registration statement filed on the December 22, 2003. Abbott and Hospira undertake no obligations to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.On today's call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin and SG&A, each excluding one-time charges. In accordance with the SEC's regulation &quot;G&quot;, and in line with the standard reporting practice, these
Abbott Laboratories	forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Exhibit 99.1 of our Securities and Exchange Commission 2003 Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference.Forward-looking statements should also be evaluated together with the disclosure regarding Hospira contained in the risk factors section of Hospira's Security and Exchange Commission Form 10. Abbott and Hospira undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.In today's call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin and SG&A, each excluding onetime charges. In accordance with the SEC's regulation G, and in line with Abbott's standard reporting practices, non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and Q&A issued this morning and available on our website. With that I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM FREYMAN, EVP OF FINANCE, CFO, ABBOTT LABORATORIES: Good morning everyone. As John just mentioned unless otherwise indicated in my remarks on the first quarter results, I will be addressing ongoing financial performance. As he
Abbott Laboratories	I'll cover the medical products group and both of us will talk about some of the key growth drivers as well that we see over the near and mid term. Following our comments we'll take any questions that you have. Some statements made today will be forward-looking statements for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operation are discussed in exhibit 99.1 of our 2003 annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission form 10-K and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions of forward-looking statements as of results of subsequent events or developments.In today's conference call as we do in the past non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help our investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These include such things as earnings per share, gross margin, and SG&A each excluding one-time charges as detailed in our earnings news release. Unless otherwise noted and in the remarks that we make. In accordance with the SECs regulation G
Accenture plc	Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter, and full fiscal year 2009. Bill will close the presentation before we take questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited, to general economic conditions, and those factors set forth in today's news release and disclosed under the Risk Factors section of our
Accenture plc	our Chief Financial Officer. David Rowland is also joining us today. As you know, David is currently our Senior Vice President of Finance, and will succeed Pam as our Chief Financial Officer on July 1. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. David will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2013. And then we will take your questions, before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursement or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
Accenture plc	forward-looking. And you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to; general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the &quot;Risk Factors&quot; portion of the Business Section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC.Accenture assumes no obligations to update this information presented on the call. And during our call today, we may reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliations of those measures to GAAP in today's news release and on the Investor Relations page of our Website at accenture.com. So let me turn the call over to Bill.BILL GREEN, CEO, CHAIRMAN OF EXEC. LEADERSHIP TEAM, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Carol. And let me first take the opportunity to wish everyone a very happy New Year. We had a great first quarter and are off to a terrific start in the new fiscal year. We achieved the highest quarterly revenues in Accenture's history and
Accenture plc	revenue during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions, and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the &quot;Risk Factors&quot; portion of the Business section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other things with the SEC.Accenture assumes no obligations to update the information presented on this conference call. During our call today, we may reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliation of those measures to GAAP in today's news release and on the Investor Relations page of our website at accenture.com. So, now let me turn the call over to Bill.BILL GREEN, CEO, CHAIRMAN OF EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM, ACCENTURE: Thanks, Carol, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today on such short notice. We accelerated the timing of this
Accenture plc	before reimbursements or net revenues.Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors portion of the business section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC.Accenture assumes no obligations to update the information presented on this conference call.During our call today, we may reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. And you can find reconciliations of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations page of our website at Accenture.com.So now let me turn the call over to Bill.BILL GREEN, CEO, ACCENTURE: Thanks, Carol, and good afternoon, everyone.Well, the third quarter was an outstanding one for Accenture.We are very pleased with our operating performance in the quarter, which demonstrates the overall strength and momentum of our business, and supports our confidence in the balance
Accenture plc	we will open up the call for questions.As a reminder when we discuss revenues during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues and some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking, and I would like to advise you that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and certainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions, and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors portion of the business section of our annual report on form 10-K, recently filed with the SEC.Accenture assumes no obligations to update the information presented on this conference call. And during the call today, our speakers may reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. We will provide reconciliations to those measures to GAAP, and you can find those reconciliations on the IR page of our website at Accenture.com.With that, let me turn the call over to Bill.BILL GREEN, CEO, ACCENTURE: Thank you. Good afternoon.Before I describe our results, I do want
Accenture plc	during today's call we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenue. Some of the matters we will discuss in this call are forward-looking, and I would like to advise you that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors portion of the business section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC. Accenture assumes no obligations to update the information presented on this conference call. During our call today our speakers may reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We will provide reconciliation of those measures to GAAP, and you can find those reconciliations on the investor relations page of our website at Accenture.com. So now let me turn the call over to Bill.BILL GREEN, CEO, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Carol, and good afternoon. We are exceptionally pleased with our fourth quarter and full year performance. We delivered record top
Accenture plc	and full year fiscal 2010 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Bill will then provide insights on what we're seeing in the market, and how we are positioning our business for future growth. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2011, and then we will take your questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues.Some of the matters we'll discuss in this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, that could cause
Accenture plc	results in more detail and Steve will add some operational perspective. Mike will then discuss our business outlook for the second quarter and the full fiscal year 2005, then we'll open up the call for questions. As a reminder when we discuss revenue during today's call we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on the call are forward-looking and I would like to advise you that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors portion of the business section of our annual report on Form 10-K recently filed with the SEC. Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this call but during the call today our speakers may reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors and we will provide reconciliations of those measures to GAAP. You can find those reconciliations on the Investor
Accenture plc	revenues before reimbursements or net revenues, and some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward looking and I would like to advise you that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors portion of the business section of our annual report on Form 10-K recently filed with the SEC.Accenture assumes no obligations to update the information presented on this call. During our call today our speakers may reference certain nonGAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. We will provide reconciliations of those measures to GAAP and you can find those reconciliations on the Investors Relations page of our website at accenture.com. So now let me turn it over to Bill.BILL GREEN, CEO, DIRECTOR, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Carol and good afternoon to everyone. We're pleased to be here with you today, and could not be more pleased with our strong top and bottom line performance
Accenture plc	IR, ACCENTURE PUBLIC LTD CO: Thank you, Rochelle, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our third-quarter fiscal 2011 earnings announcement. As Rochelle just mentioned, I'm KC McClure, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and the balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2011, and then we will take your questions, before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues.Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking
Accenture plc	Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our marketing position, and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal-year 2012. And then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues.Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking. And you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include,
Accenture plc	hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the third quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2012. And then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic
Accenture plc	Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2013, and then we'll take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursement, or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general
Accenture plc	Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on what we are seeing in the market and how we are positioning our business. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2010 and then we will take your questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but
Accenture plc	our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on what we're seeing in the market and how we are positioning our business for the upturn and future growth. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2010 and then we will take your questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss in this call today are forward-looking. You should keep in mind these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in
Accenture plc	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on what we're seeing in the market and how we are positioning ourselves and the business for future growth. Pam will provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2010. And then we will take your questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues.Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and
Accenture plc	Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer; and Pierre Nanterme, who will become our Chief Executive Officer on January 1st. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Bill will then provide a brief update on our growth strategy and market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2011. And then, we will take your questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursement, or net revenues.Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions, and those factors set forth in today's news
Accenture plc	the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2011. And then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues.Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings.During our call today, we will
Accenture plc	issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will then take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2013, and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues.Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the risk factors
Accenture plc	just mentioned, I'm Richard Clark, managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on how we are positioning our business for the future. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2009 and Bill, Pam, and Steve will take your questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss in this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties
Accenture plc	and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics. Bill will then provide some insights on how we are positioning our business for the future. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2010, and then we will take your questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions, and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the risk factor section of our annual report on Form
Accenture plc	Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me today are Pierre Nanterme, our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer.We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2012, and then we will take your questions, before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursement or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, and that
Accenture plc	had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago.Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the second quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on market positioning and progress against our growth strategy. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2012. And then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. And that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance.Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and
Accenture plc	our Chief Executive Officer, and Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2013 and then we'll take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursement or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss in this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance.
Accenture plc	for the second quarter and for the full fiscal year 2007. Bill will close the presentation before we take questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues today during our call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors portion of the Business section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings.Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. During our call today, we may reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors and you can find reconciliations of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations page of our website at Accenture.com.So now let me turn the call over to Bill.BILL GREEN, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, ACCENTURE: Thanks, Richard. Good afternoon, everyone,
Accenture plc	ACCENTURE: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today on our second quarter fiscal 2008 earnings announcement. As the operator just mentioned I'm Richard Clark, Managing Director of Investor Relations. With me this afternoon are Bill Green, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Pamela Craig, our Chief Financial Officer, and Steve Rohleder, our Chief Operating Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details, including the income statement and balance sheet, and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the remainder of fiscal year 2008, and Bill will close the presentation before we take your questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenue. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or
Accenture plc	then provide our business outlook for the remainder of fiscal year 2008, and Bill will close the presentation before we take your questions.&nbsp;As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenue. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the risk factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call.During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliation of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations section of our website at Accenture.com. Now let me turn the call over to Bill.BILL GREEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Richard, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased
Accenture plc	the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Bill will begin with an overview of our results. Pam will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet and Steve will add some operational perspective. Pam will then provide our business outlook for the remainder of fiscal year 2008 and Bill will close the presentation before we take questions. As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues.Some of the matters we will discuss are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the risk factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call.During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we
Accenture plc	call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues.&nbsp;Some of the matters we will discuss are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the risk factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call.During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliation of those measures to GAAP on the Investor Relations section of our website at Accenture.com.Now, let me turn the call over to Bill.BILL GREEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO, ACCENTURE: Good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased you could join us today as we discuss our outstanding performance in the third quarter. As you have seen in our news release, we turned in our highest ever quarterly revenues and earnings per share. Our results clearly reflect
Accenture plc	Chief Executive Officer, and David Rowland, our Chief Financial Officer. We hope you've had an opportunity to review the news release we issued a short time ago. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call.Pierre will begin with an overview of our results. David will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet along with some key operational metrics for both the fourth quarter and the full year. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning. David will then provide our business outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2014 and then we will take your questions before Pierre provides a wrap up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss in this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such
Accenture plc	begin with an overview of our results, David will take you through the financial details including the income statement and balance sheet, along with some key operational metrics for the first quarter. Pierre will then provide a brief update on our market positioning, David will then provide our business outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2014, and then we will take your questions, before Pierre provides a wrap-up at the end of the call.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we're talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues. Some of the matters we'll discuss on this call are forward-looking, including the business outlook.You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, and that such statements are not a guarantee of our future performance. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's news release and discussed under the risk factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K, and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other SEC
Accenture plc	Bill will close the presentation before we take questions.As a reminder, when we discuss revenues during today's call, we are talking about revenues before reimbursements, or net revenues. Some of the matters we will discuss on this call are forward-looking and you should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors set forth in today's press release and discussed under the risk factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. Accenture assumes no obligation to update the information presented on this conference call. During our call today, we will reference certain non-GAAP financial measures which we believe provide useful information for investors. You can find reconciliations of those measures to GAAP on the investor relations section of our website at Accenture.com. So now, let me turn the call over to Bill.BILL GREEN, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, ACCENTURE: Thank you, Richard, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We turned in another outstanding performance in the quarter,
American International Group, Inc.	begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, DIRECTOR OF IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us for this mornings conference call. before we begin, it should be noted that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning certain financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to special purpose vehicles formed with the federal reserve bank of new york, asset dispositions, liquidity, collateral posting requirements, management, operations, products and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ possibly materially from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections and statements.Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ possibly materially from those in the specific projections and statements include developments in global credit markets and such factors as are discussed in Items 1a Risk Factors of AIG's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2007, and an Item 1a Risk Factors and Item 2, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of AIG's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2008. AIG is not under any obligation
American International Group, Inc.	in global credit markets and such factors as are discussed in Items 1a Risk Factors of AIG's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2007, and an Item 1a Risk Factors and Item 2, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of AIG's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2008. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Remarks made on the conference call may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures.The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures will be included in the third quarter financial supplement available in the investor section of AIG's corporate website. And now I would like to turn the call over to Ed Liddy, AIG's Chairman and CEO.ED LIDDY, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thanks and good morning everyone. We have a, really an awful lot to cover this morning so bear with us. We're going to try to do all this in about an hour. I think that will leave time for many of your
American International Group, Inc.	may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These projections and statements are not historical facts, but instead represent only AIG's beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside AIG's control.These projections and statements may address, among other things, the outcome of proposed transactions with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the United States Department of the Treasury; the number, size, terms, cost and timing of dispositions and their potential effect on AIG's businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity, and AIG at any time and from time to time may change its plans with respect to the sale of one or more of its businesses.These projections and statements may also address AIG's exposures to subprime mortgages, monoline insurers and the residential and commercial real estate markets, and AIG's strategy for growth, product development, market position, financial results and reserves. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial conditions may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections and statements.Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in
American International Group, Inc.	Teri Watson. Thank you. You may begin.TERI WATSON, VP, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that remarks made on this call may contain projections and statements that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These projections and statements are not historical facts but instead represent only AIG's beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside AIG's control.These projections and statements may address among other things the outcome of recently completed and proposed transactions with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the United States Department of the Treasury, the number, size, terms, cost, and timing of dispositions and their potential effect on AIG's businesses' financial condition, results of operation, cash flows, and liquidity.And AIG at any time and from time to time may change its plans with respect to the sale of one or more businesses.These projections and statements may also address AIG's exposures to subprime mortgages, monoline insurers, and the residential and commercial real estate markets, the separation of AIG's businesses from AIG parent company, AIG's
American International Group, Inc.	2013 results. Speaking today will be -- Bob Benmosche, our President and CEO; David Herzog, our Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of Senior Management are also in the room and available for the question-and-answer period.Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on Management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2013 first quarter 10-Q and our 2012 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis and under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation to expressly disclaim or update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIG's website at AIG.com. Now, I'd like to turn the call
American International Group, Inc.	Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and will be available for a question-and-answer period.Before we get started this morning, I would like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first-quarter 2013 Form 10-Q and our 2012 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis, under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement which is available on AIG's website, www.AIG.com.Now I would like to turn the call over to Bob. Bob?BOB BENMOSCHE, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Good morning, Liz, and everyone; and thank you, Liz. I am on slide 3.Clearly, as you can see, another -- and let
American International Group, Inc.	factors that may affect its business.&nbsp;AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the fourth-quarter 2005 financial supplement and the restated financial supplement, both available in the information section of AIG's corporate website.And now I would like to turn the call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you very much, Charlene, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. I'm joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. I will make some opening remarks and then we will be very happy to take any questions you may have.We are pleased to have announced our fourth-quarter and 2005 results on schedule and we appreciate your patience throughout the past year. As we noted in November, the year in process included the preparation of an amended Form 10-K for 2004 as well as a Company revised supplement. This has been an eventful year to say the least
American International Group, Inc.	events, or otherwise.The information provided today may contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the first-quarter 2006 financial supplement, which is available in the information section of AIG's corporate website.Now I would like to begin today's meeting and turn the call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you very much, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. I will make some opening remarks and then we will be very pleased to take any questions you may have.We announced our first-quarter 2006 results last night, with adjusted net income of $3.38 billion, or $1.29 per share, an increase of 4.6% over the same period in 2005. However, as stated in the press release, the results for the quarter were adversely affected by one-time after-tax charges of $115 million relating to expenses from the SICO compensation plans and the Starr tender offer.Results were also negatively affected by an additional allowance for losses in our credit card operation in Taiwan of $57 million after-tax and an adjustment relating to deferred advertising costs in
American International Group, Inc.	also contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the second-quarter 2006 financial supplement available in the information section of AIG's corporate website.Now, I am pleased to turn the call over to and introduce Martin Sullivan, AIG's President and Chief Executive Officer.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you, Charlene, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. I will make some opening remarks, and then we will be very happy to take any questions you may have.We announced AIG's second-quarter 2006 results last evening. We had a very good quarter. Once again, our performance underscored the strength of AIG's widely diversified business portfolio.Adjusted net income, which excludes realized capital losses and the effects of FAS 133, was $4.16 billion or $1.58 per diluted share compared to $1.25 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2005.Second-quarter net income was $3.19 billion. Second quarter net income and adjusted net income include a positive out of period accounting adjustment of $374 million or $0.14 per share, relating to unit investment trust accounting that was identified as a result of
American International Group, Inc.	or otherwise.&nbsp;The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the third-quarter 2006 financial supplement which is available in the investor information section of AIG's corporate website. And now I am pleased to introduce Martin Sullivan, AIG's President and Chief Executive Officer.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. I will be making some opening remarks and then we will be very happy to take any questions you may have. We announced AIG's third-quarter 2006 results last evening. We had a very good quarter. Third-quarter net income was $4.22 billion U.S. Once again, performance underscored the strength of AIG's widely diversified business portfolio. Adjusted net income, which excludes realized capital gains and losses and the effect of FAS $133 billion was $4.02 billion or $1.53 per diluted share compared to $0.71 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2005. Of course last year's results included the effects of devastating Hurricanes Katrina and Rita which cost the quarter $1.57 billion or $0.60 per
American International Group, Inc.	financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the supplementary financial data that is available in the investor information section of AIG's website.And now, I would like to turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIG: Thank you, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us this morning. I would first like to make some opening remarks, and then my colleagues and I would be very pleased to answer any questions you may have.First of all, I am very pleased to report that in the quarter, where a lot of time and energy was spent conducting our internal review and issuing our Form 10-K on May 31st, we nonetheless remained very focused on our business, resulting in the following. First, net income of almost $4 billion, an increase of 51%, or $1.53 per share, an increase of 52%.Second, adjusted net income, excluding the cumulative effect of the ILFC correction, of some $3.3 billion, an increase of 14%, or $1.27 per share, an increase of 16%. Third, total revenues of $26.9 billion, an increase of 47%. Fourth, insurance cash flow of almost $12 billion.
American International Group, Inc.	uncertainty and changes in circumstances.Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 10-Q under management's discussion and analysis and other risk factors and in our 10-K under risk factors.AIG is not under obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIG's website at www.AIG.com.With that I would like to turn our call over to our CEO, Bob Benmosche.BOB BENMOSCHE, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC.: Good morning and thank you, Liz. We have a lot to cover today, but let me start with the fact that it's a major quarter for us. We had paid back the Federal Reserve, that is two years ahead of schedule. Unfortunately, that requires us to take our final charge of $3.3 billion.Let me ask each of you to pay attention to the DTA, the deferred
American International Group, Inc.	uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include factors described in our 10-Q, under Managements Discussion and Analysis, and in our 2010 10K and subsequent 10-Q's under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement which is available on AIG's website www.AIG.com.At this time I'd like to turn our call over to Bob Benmosche, our CEO. Bob?ROBERT BENMOSCHE, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC: Thanks, Liz, and good morning to everybody and we have a lot to cover so I want to be pretty brief and I'll turn it over to David.The key for this quarter though, and I do want to comment and stress it, is that we completed the last hurdle for this company for the conditions of closing for our restructuring and so by issuing 100
American International Group, Inc.	guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first quarter 2012 10-Q and 2011 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement which is available on AIG's website, www.AIG.com. Before we go through the results, I want to remind you that we adopted a new DAC standard on a retroactive basis; therefore, all prior period numbers in the 10-Q and financial supplement have been revised. In addition, we plan on filing a Form 8-K to recast our 2011 Form 10-K later today, also to reflect these changes. Now, I'd like to turn our call over to our CEO, Bob Benmosche.BOB BENMOSCHE, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC: Thanks, Liz. Good morning everybody. I want to be brief because I want to leave time for David, Peter
American International Group, Inc.	information provided today may include certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the supplementary financial data available in the investor information section on AIG's website.Now I would like to turn this morning's conference call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you very much, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'm joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues and I would first like to make a few comments and then we would be more than happy to take your questions.First may I apologize for the delay in announcing our third-quarter results? As announced in our November 9 press release, we needed the five-day extension to incorporate into our third-quarter and nine-month financial statements, the corrections of certain errors, the preponderance of which were identified during the remediation of previously disclosed material weaknesses and internal controls. While disappointing, as I've said many times in the past, AIG will do whatever is right.The most significant errors identified relates to the previously disclosed material weaknesses in internal controls surrounding accounting for derivatives and related assets under FAS 133, reconciliation of certain balance sheet
American International Group, Inc.	morning. On the call today is our President and CEO, Bob Benmosche, who will take us through the first part of our presentation, followed by David Herzog, our CFO, who will take you through the detailed deck which is available on our website.Bob and David are joined on this call by a number of folks on our management team. After we complete the presentation we will be happy to take your questions. If you are listening via phone and haven't already downloaded the presentation is available on our website www.AIG.com.Before we get started I would like to remind you that today's presentation may concern forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to a variety of factors including the precautionary statements referenced in our discussion today and those included in our SEC filings including, without limitation, the Risk Factors section of our 2010 Form 10-K.AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update or alter any projection or other statement, whether written or oral that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of
American International Group, Inc.	be Bob Benmosche, President and CEO; David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and available for the question-and-answer period.Before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2012 Form 10-K, under Management's Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIG's website, www.AIG.com. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.BOB BENMOSCHE, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you very
American International Group, Inc.	of America Securities - Analyst * Jay Cohen Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Larry Greenberg Langen McAlenney - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). I would also like to remind parties this call is being recorded; if you have any objections please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Thank you, ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP, DIR. OF IR, AMERICAN INT'L GROUP, INC.: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for AIG's second-quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin I would just like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management, operations, products and services and assumptions underlying these projections and statements.It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections and statements. Factors that could cause AIG's actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in the specific projections and statements are
American International Group, Inc.	ended December 31, 2007 and in the Outlook section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2008.AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the first-quarter 2008 financial supplement or within the presentation available in the investor information section of AIG's corporate website. And now I would like to turn the call over to Bob Willumstad.BOB WILLUMSTAD, CHAIRMAN, CEO, AMERICAN INT'L GROUP, INC.: Thank you, Charlene. Good morning to everybody. I'd like to begin with some observations about the current economic and market environment and how they affected AIG's second-quarter results. And I'll ask Steve Bensinger to provide more details on the quarter. Finally, I'll make some comments on expenses and give you an update on our strategic review process and what you can expect from us when we report on that process
American International Group, Inc.	performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2010 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs under Managements Discussion and Analysis under Risk Factors.AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIG's website. With that, let's begin our call today and I'm going to turn it over to Bob Benmosche, our CEO.ROBERT BENMOSCHE, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC: Thanks, Liz. For our Company, we're operating as if the Federal Reserve, will be our regulator. We don't know what will happen, but it's important we operate as if the Fed will be our regulator.As part of that, we have to do stress testing, and so we constantly look at our Company, what the issues are and we said, what would happen if the equity markets fell apart? What would happen if significantly, on the S&P, what would happen if the spreads blew
American International Group, Inc.	on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include factors described in our 2011 10-K and our Management's Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures are included in our financial supplement which is available on AIG's website. Thank you.At this time I'd like to turn it over to our CEO, Bob Benmosche.BOB BENMOSCHE, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Liz, and good morning, everybody. For those of you following the presentation online, go to page 3, if you would. And we're going to talk a little bit about 2011. And think about where you were a year ago. For us here, a year ago was probably a decade ago. But it was actually only 12 months. When we started the year off
American International Group, Inc.	CEO; David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock; CEO of Chartis; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of SunAmerica Financial Group. Other members of the senior management are also in the room and available for the Q&A period.Before we get started this morning I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based on Management's current expectations, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include those described in our second quarter 2012 10-Q, our 2011 10-K, and our Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2012 under the Management's Discussion and Analysis and Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation to expressly disclaim any obligation to update any of our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIG's website www.AIG.com.With that, let me turn the call over to Bob Benmosche.BOB BENMOSCHE, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN
American International Group, Inc.	for joining us this morning, and all your efforts last night in the face of some of the challenges given the hurricane. I do want to just let you all know that Management's dialing in from multiple locations, so we just ask you be a little patient, particularly during the Q&A period. On the line today we have our senior management team, including Bob Benmosche, President and CEO, David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer, Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty, and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement.I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2012 Form 10-Q, our 2011 Form 10-K, and our Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2012, under management's discussion and analysis, and under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation to expressly disclaim or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
American International Group, Inc.	today's discussion, presented as follows. IPC did perform well compared to the estimates. We reported $131 million of pro forma EBITDA on a stub period basis and $187 million on a full pro forma full synergy basis for the fiscal year 2007.We are on track with accomplishing our synergy targets for both our WestCom and Positron acquisitions and these have been included in our budget expectations.The Q1 adjusted EBITDA is $31 million. As typical with prior years, our installations are lower in the first half and higher in the second half of the year, which drives EBITDA profitability higher in the second half.Our free cash flow for the year ended 2007 was $10 million. Last, our liquidity at quarter end December 31 was $75 million, included our cash and revolver availability.So throughout 2007 and Q1 2008 the business has generally performed within our expectations. Our fiscal year pro forma EBITDA increased and leverage decreased from approximately 7 times in May 2007, the time of the debt authoring related to the WestCom acquisition, to approximately 6.2 times as of fiscal year-end.Turning to slide 5, this presents our stub period pro forma EBITDA results reflective of our acquisitions of WestCom and Positron
American International Group, Inc.	- Analyst * Nigel Daly Morgan Stanley - Analyst * Josh Shanker Citigroup - Analyst * Larry Greenberg Langen McAlenney - Analyst * Jay Cohen Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Alain Karaoglan Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Eric Berg Lehman Brothers - Analyst * Ian Gutterman Adage Capital - Analyst * Gary Ransom Fox-Pitt Kelton - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the meeting over to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. Ma'am, you may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP, IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you very much. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans and objectives relating to management, operations, products and services and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these projections
American International Group, Inc.	alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.&nbsp;The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the fourth-quarter 2007 financial supplement, which is available in the information -- investor information section of AIG's corporate website and now I would like to turn the call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you very much, Charlene and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues.AIG's results in 2007 were clearly unsatisfactory. This was a very challenging quarter and year. Rapid deterioration in the U.S. residential real estate and credit markets significantly affected several of our operations and investments. This offset the strong results generated through the first half of the year.As expected, a number of our businesses were adversely affected by their exposure to the domestic residential real estate market and we expect these businesses will continue to be challenged in the foreseeable future.As you have seen, AIG reported a net loss of $5.3 billion in the fourth quarter of
American International Group, Inc.	discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2008. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the first quarter 2008 financial supplement which is available in the Investor Information section of AIG's corporate Web site.Now I would like to turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you very much, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues.As we anticipated in our fourth quarter earnings discussion, the U.S. housing market has remained weak and credit market disruption has persisted in the first quarter of 2008. These external factors caused AIG to report additional unrealized market valuation losses and impairment charges which negatively affected reported results.Additionally, market conditions were not good for our alternative investment portfolio
American International Group, Inc.	* Alain Karaoglan Banc of America Securities - Analyst * Tom Cholnoky Goldman Sachs - Analyst * Dan Johnson Citadel Investment - Analyst * Andrew Kligerman UBS - Analyst * Tom Gallagher Credit Suisse - Analyst * Charlie Gates Credit Suisse - Analyst * Paul Newsome Sandler O'Neill & Partners - Analyst * Jay Cohen Merrill Lynch - Analyst * Jonathan Adams Oppenheimer Capital Management - Analyst * Scott Frost HSBC - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Good morning and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are on listen-only. After the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS)And I'd also like to turn the call over to your conference host this morning to Ms. Charlene Hamrah. You may begin.CHARLENE HAMRAH, VP AND DIRECTOR OF IR, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us this morning to discuss AIG's first quarter 2008 earnings report.Before we begin I would like to remind you again that the remarks made today may contain projections concerning financial information and statements concerning future economic performance and events, plans, and objectives relating to management, operations, products and services, and assumptions underlying these projections and statements. It is possible that AIG's
American International Group, Inc.	Benmosche, President and CEO; David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty; and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and will be available for Q&A at the end of the period.Before we get started I would like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our third-quarter and second-quarter 2013 Form 10-Q's and our 2012 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation, and expressly disclaims any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement which is available on AIG's website, www.AIG.com. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.BOB BENMOSCHE,
American International Group, Inc.	alter its projections and other statements, whether as a result of new information future events or otherwise.The information provided today may also contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the fourth quarter 2006 financial supplement, which is posted in the information section of the investor information section of AIG's corporate website. And now, I would like to turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan, AIG's President and Chief Executive Officer.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you very much, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. I will make some opening remarks and then we would be very pleased to take your questions.2006 was an excellent year for AIG for several reasons. First, we achieved record results by many standards. Second, we put our principal regulatory challenges behind us while remaining sharply focused on our business. Third, we made great strides at improving our financial control environment, enhancing disclosures in our financial statements, and furthering our commitment to good corporate governance. And fourth, we made significant progress in capsule management, allowing us to
American International Group, Inc.	future events or otherwise.The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the first-quarter 2007 financial supplement, which is available in the investor information section on AIG's corporate website.And now I would like to introduce and turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan, AIG's President and Chief Executive Officer.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP: Thank you, Charlene and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. I will make some opening remarks and then we will be very pleased to take your questions.Overall, AIG performed very well in the first quarter. Results were driven by solid increases in operating income in General Insurance, foreign Life Insurance and Retirement Services, ILFC and Asset Management. Partnership returns were strong, positively affecting Insurance net investment income and Asset Management results. The continued slowdown in the US housing market adversely affected results at United Guaranty and American General Finance. Domestic Life Insurance and Retirement Services results were mixed.Net income was $4.13 billion, a 29.3% increase over the first quarter of 2006. First-quarter adjusted net
American International Group, Inc.	of new information, future events, or otherwise.&nbsp;The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures are included in the second-quarter 2007 financial supplement, available in the investor information section of AIG's corporate website. Now, I would like to turn this conference call over to Martin Sullivan.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual, I'm joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. Because of the uncertainty in the financial markets in recent weeks, we are going to change our normal format for this call. I will first give you a brief summary of our results and an overview of our operations, followed by a presentation on AIG's exposure to the US residential mortgage market.As you have seen from our results, AIG had a strong second quarter, owing to our diversified global business portfolio. Major contributions to our results came from General Insurance, Life Insurance and Retirement Services, Asset Management, and Capital Markets. Partnership returns remained strong, positively affecting investment income.Net income was $4.28 billion, a 34.1% increase over the second quarter of 2006. Second-quarter
American International Group, Inc.	to update or alter its projections and other statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information provided today may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the comparable GAAP figures is included in the third-quarter 2007 financial supplement which is available in the investor information section of AIG's corporate website. And with that I am pleased to turn the conference call over to Martin Sullivan, AIG's President and Chief Executive Officer.MARTIN SULLIVAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.: Thank you, Charlene, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. As usual I am joined this morning by a number of my senior management colleagues. As you know, we are all operating in a very volatile and uncertain market environment. Despite this environment AIG earned over $3 billion in net income and approximately $3.5 billion in adjusted net income in the third quarter. Return on equity using adjusted net income as the measure was 14.8%.While these results are below those in the third quarter of 2006, we believe the effectiveness of our enterprise risk management systems and procedures was demonstrated and the benefits of our diversified portfolio of global businesses once again
Amgen Inc	be given if the estimates will be accurate and actual results could vary materially.&nbsp;On this call, we may discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial metrics in accordance with SEC Regulation G. You can find a reconciliation of these two measures on our website at www.amgen.com within the investors section. Please refer to Amgen's most recent Form 10-Q report for additional information on the uncertainties and risk factors related to our business. If you've not received our press release, please call Denise Burrell (ph) at 805-447-3433. If you have further questions after the conference call, please contact our office at 805-447-1060. This conference call is being webcast via the Amgen homepage and will be archived for 72 hours following the call. Now, I would like to introduce Kevin Sharer, Amgen's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER., AMGEN INC.: Thanks Laura. Good afternoon. With me today are Richard Nanula, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and George Morrow, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations. Similar to last quarter, Richard and I will deliver prepared remarks and George, as well as Richard and I will be available for Q&A.In the second quarter, our business continued its strong
Amgen Inc	chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Dennis, and good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to welcome you to our conference call. Over the next few minutes, we'll discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2008, and we'll also provide our estimates for our growth outlook for 2009. At the end of our prepared comments, we'll have time to take your questions.Leading the discussion today will be our chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, who will provide a strategic review of our business in 2008, as well as the challenges and opportunities that we'll face in 2009. Our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Bradway, will then provide analysis of our performance in the fourth quarter and how that translated into our full-year performance for 2008. George Morrow, who as you know is our head of Global Commercial Operations, will target his discussion on specific product performance during the quarter and key drives for each of these products going into 2009.
Amgen Inc	yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Dennis. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our first quarter conference call. The first quarter was characterized by continued deterioration in the global economy, and this has lead to a rather challenging business environment that has impacted our Q1 performance. Other themes that have affected our sector are changes in patient behavior, reductions in inventories as wholesalers have adjusted to lower demand, and unfavorable currency trends.Our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, will begin the call today with a strategic review of our business and the environment that we operate in. Our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Bradway, will then provide some additional details on our performance during the first quarter and how the trends observed in Q1 translate into expectations for the rest of the year. George Morrow, who is our Head of Global Commercial Operations, will then discuss our product performance, both in the US and international markets, once again with a view towards how the Q1 trends translate into
Amgen Inc	limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP OF IR, AMGEN INC.: Okay, thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second-quarter conference call. I believe through our prepared comments today you will consistently hear the message of the progress we are making on our full-year objectives, as well as steps we are taking to deliver long-term value to shareholders. To discuss our quarterly performance and our full-year outlook, I am joined by several members of our leadership team. Our Chairman and CEO, Bob Bradway will begin with a brief strategic overview. Our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Peacock, will then review our quarterly financial results, and provide an update on our guidance for the year. Our Head of Commercial Operations, Tony Hooper, will discuss product performances and trends, followed by Sean Harper, our head of R&D, who will provide a brief pipeline update. After Sean's comments we should have ample time for Q&A. We will use slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website, and a
Amgen Inc	guarantee that they will be accurate and actual results could vary materially.So with that, I would like turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN SHARER, CEO, PRESIDENT, CHAIRMAN, AMGEN INC.: Thanks, Arvind. We are off to a good start in 2006, with total revenues for the quarter up 14% over the prior year and adjusted earnings per share up 26% for the same period. Our marketed products continue to do well. You have heard us say that even though we have achieved leading positions within each of our product categories, given the current penetration rates, there is still a lot of room for additional growth. Richard will go into additional details on our performance during the first quarter, as well as the outlook for the remainder of the year.Let me comment on the business environment in 2006. On the reimbursement front, things are simpler with the transition more complete to the ASP methodology. As we had anticipated, we are starting to see stability in our ASPs, as evidenced by the ASPs for the second quarter 2006. George will discuss this in more detail, including what we are hearing about the new CMOS oncology demonstration project.I would like to comment on some
Amgen Inc	Research and Development. And Roger will provide an pipeline update.&nbsp;So before we start, I'd like to mention that through the course of our presentation today, we will make certain forward-looking statements and, of course, actual results can vary materially.So with that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin. Kevin?KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AMGEN: Thank you, Arvind. Glad to be with you all today. And what we are going to do -- this is a first for us, and we will try to do it in a way that helps you. We do have slides that we are talking from, and we will refer to the page numbers and we will take it from there.My comments relate to the highlights for the quarter. It's Page 5. You can see the results there. You probably read about them in the press release. We said, excellent financial performance. Our revenue and adjusted EPS grew 14 and 19%, respectively. And, consequently, we are raising adjusted EPS guidance $0.15, to $3.75 to $3.85.And each area of our performance is real high quality and, in our view, continuing. On the revenue side, our growth was demand-driven, with no year-over-year benefit from inventory
Amgen Inc	will then provide a commercial update, followed by Roger Perlmutter, our E.V.P. of Research and Development who will provide a pipeline update.&nbsp;Before we start, I would like to mention that through the course of our presentation today, we'll make certain forward-looking statements and of course, actual results could vary materially. With, that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin. Kevin?KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AMGEN: Good afternoon, everybody, it's good to be with you. We're going to, as Arvind said, go over the slides that we've sent you. I expect you've had the chance to look at our press release, but let me first just start out by talking about some of the highlights in the quarter. I'm very pleased with the Company's performance in the quarter and I think it really says a lot about our ability to execute and plan for the future.First of all, when we look at the revenue and adjusted EPS that grew 15% and 22% respectively, and the earnings per share number at $1.04 is really strong number. We also decided for the second time this year to raise guidance for adjusted EPS guidance to the $3.85 to $3.95 range, another
Amgen Inc	provide a pipeline update.&nbsp;Before we get started let me just make a few precautionary statements. Obviously, through the course of the call, we will make some forward-looking statements, and I would just like to remind you that actual results could vary materially. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.Kevin?KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AMGEN: Thanks, Arvind. Good afternoon. As you undoubtedly saw from the press release we saw increasing business momentum in the second quarter, with total revenue increasing 23%, and adjusted earnings per share increasing 42%. The strong performance gives us confidence for the remainder of the year, and as a result, we're increasing our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.30 for the year. Richard will provide the details in a moment but let me first thank all of the more than 14,000 staff at Amgen for delivering one of the most impressive quarters we've ever had.Our product sales were strong across the board as most physicians have adopted more to the new reimbursement environment, helped in large part by the demonstration project in the United States. George will discuss our commercial results in a few minutes. We continue to make strong progress in advancing
Amgen Inc	materially. So with that let me turn the call over to Kevin. Kevin?&nbsp;KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, AMGEN: Thank you. Good afternoon. Our third quarter financial performance was strong and gives us real momentum as we look to 2006. This momentum was driven by strong sales of our key products including Aranesp, Neulasta, and Enbrel with total product sales having appreciated 23% through the first nine months of this year. George will provide some additional details on our products including the market dynamics in a few minutes.During the third quarter we received three important regulatory approvals that support our commercial goals. The first two approvals allowed us to expand our manufacturing capacity to a second plant for Enbrel in Rhode Island and produce commercial bulk material for NEUPOGEN and Neulasta in Puerto Rico. The third approval allows us to now promote Neulasta to a broader patient population at risk for febrile neutropenia. I've asked Roger to provide further background in this label expansion and give a full development update later on in the call. I'm very pleased with the productivity of our R&D organization and we expect to have additional announcements in the near-term on data relating to key pipeline products.Before
Amgen Inc	the last speaker's prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN: Okay. Thank you, Christian. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our third quarter results conference call. We have another productive quarter behind us as we get into the home stretch for the year. This has been one busy year, and there are important events remaining going into the last couple of months. So, we are going to try a slightly different format for our call today. Many of you have commented in the past that you have appreciated the detailed nature of our calls. And yet, I believe that a certain amount of redundancy has crept in our prepared comments compared to what's already detailed in our press release.Beginning with this call, we'll try to make this process more efficient without compromising the quality of the information, or the opportunity to have a dialogue. In our prepared comments today, we'll focus only on those comments that provide added clarity on issues outlined in our press release. We'll continue to provide slides, as we have in the
Amgen Inc	going to give you additional details on our performance during the third quarter. After Richard's presentation, all of us will be available to respond to your questions.&nbsp;Now, before we start, I need to make the traditional cautionary statement. During the call today, we will make certain forward-looking statements, and, of course, the actual results could vary substantially or materially. On this call, we may discuss GAAP and nonGAAP financial measures and you can find a reconciliation of these two measures on our website at www.Amgen.com. Now with that, let me turn the conference over to Kevin. Kevin?KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, PRESIDENT, AMGEN INC.: Thanks, Arvind. Good afternoon. As you have seen from our earnings press release, the third quarter exhibited solid product sales and earnings growth. Based on our strong performance on a year-to-date basis, we are narrowing or raising our guidance for 2004, for all our key products, and increasing our guidance for total revenue and adjusted earnings per share. Richard will provide those details in a moment. During the quarter we completed the Tularik acquisition. Strategically, this is important as it allows us to add innovative, small molecule development capabilities in the key therapeutic areas of oncology, inflammation,
Amgen Inc	EVP of Commercial Operations to join us. Kevin is going to lead off the call, followed by Richard who will give you additional details on our performance during the first quarter. As I mentioned before, I've also asked George to join us this afternoon to make some comments on the overall market environment and give some earnings feedback from the medical community following the reimbursement changes, and then Roger is going to provide a brief pipeline update. Now, before I start, I would just like to mention that during the call today, we might make certain forward-looking statements and, of course the actual results could vary materially. And with, that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin. Kevin?KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, PRESIDENT, AMGEN: Okay, thanks Arvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm sure you've seen from our earnings release we have had a great first quarter, total revenue increasing 21% and adjusted earnings per share increasing 26%. Our product performance was strong, particularly for Aranesp, Neulasta and Enbrel and the momentum has continued into April. As a result, we're increasing our 2005 revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance and Richard will comment on the specifics in a few
Amgen Inc	I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin, and good afternoon everybody. I would like to welcome you to our first quarter conference call. We are off to a strong start in 2012, and we're looking forward to the many opportunities ahead. I am joined today by several members of our leadership team, including Bob Bradway, our current President and CEO elect; our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Peacock; Tony Hooper, our Head of Global Commercial Operations; and Sean Harper, our Head of R&D.This quarter represents milestones in many ways and record performance for both revenues and adjusted earnings per share, and notably, after two full decades, first as President and then as Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer will preside over his last call as our Chief Executive Officer. Kevin is with us this afternoon, but before I turn the call over to him, I would just provide our customary reminders.We will use slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website, and a link was sent to you separately by e-mail. Our comments today will be governed
Amgen Inc	of investor relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second-quarter conference call. We posted solid revenue and earnings per share growth, which provides yet another indication of how we are successfully executing on our growth strategy. To discuss this and other topics, including our increasing (inaudible) pipeline opportunities, I'm joined by several members of our management team today. This is Bob Bradway's first conference call with investors as our CEO, so he will lead with providing a brief strategic overview. Following Bob, our CFO, Jon Peacock, will review our quarterly results and update our guidance for the year. Our head of commercial operations, Tony Hooper, will highlight our product performance, followed by our head of R&D, Sean Harper, who will provide a pipeline update, including top-line update for our program from our PCS kinase program for hypercholesterolemia. After Sean's presentation we'll have plenty of time for questions- I'm sure you have reviewed our press release and I hope you found our new user friendly format useful. We will use slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our
Amgen Inc	to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP OF IR, AMGEN: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our Q4 and full year 2009 results conference call. The objective of this call is to review our solid earnings performance in 2009 and focus on our outlook for 2010. In addition to growing earnings last year, we generated a record amount of operating cash flow and made meaningful progress towards advancing our pipeline. We amongst our peer group of companies are in a unique position of having several regulatory and clinical catalysts ahead of us in the new year.To discuss each of these topics in detail, I am joined today by Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO. Kevin will provide a strategic outlook for our business, followed by our CFO Bob Bradway, who will discuss our results for 2009 and provide expected growth outlook for 2010. George Morrow, who as you know is our head
Amgen Inc	participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN INC.: Thanks, Christian. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our first quarter results conference call. Along with a 9% gain in revenues and a 20% increase in adjusted EPS, I would say we're off to a pretty good start this year. This year is already shaping up to be one with remarkable changes; I'm referring of course to the passage of the healthcare reform bill which is a major development for our Company and our industry.I'm joined today by Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO. Kevin will address our strategic priorities for this year and also provide his perspective on the healthcare reform legislation. Our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Bradway, will then discuss our first quarter results in greater detail and address how healthcare reform is expected to influence our growth outlook for the full year.George Morrow, our Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations, will then discuss our product performance in the
Amgen Inc	has a chance to participate, we ask that you please limit yourselves to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Christian. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second quarterly results conference call. Another solid quarter behind us as we embark on the second half of this year. It has also been a year of tremendous change as many of the uncertainties weighing on our business have now been resolved.To discuss these issues in greater detail, as well as to introduce the many changes we have had on our leadership team, I am joined today by our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer. Following Kevin, our acting CFO, Michael Kelly will provide additional details on our second quarter financial performance. Bob Bradway, our newly appointed President and Chief Operating Officer will then articulate his charter for our Company's operations followed by Jim Daley.Jim is our Senior Vice President of North American Commercial Operations and he will focus on three main topics. First, our product performance during the quarter. Second, an early
Amgen Inc	Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: My name is Christian, and I will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's fourth-quarter and full-year 2010 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC.: Okay, thank you, Christian. Good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to welcome you to our fourth-quarter and full-year 2010 results conference call. Unlike most reporting quarters, we are the first to go this year, ahead of other biopharma companies. The objective of this call is to review our solid performance last year despite the impact of US healthcare reform. We'll also provide a perspective on our growth outlook for 2011.2010 was truly a notable year, as we received approval [for] and launched two very important therapies, Prolia and XGEVA. You will hear more on these launches during the call, together with updates on progress we have made towards advancing our pipeline. As we did for the third quarter call, we'll
Amgen Inc	participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions).I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN INC.: Okay, thank you, Christian. Good afternoon everybody. I would like to welcome you to our first quarterly results conference call. We decided to have this call today ahead of our business review meeting so we can get our Q1 communications out of the way and engage in a broader dialogue with you tomorrow about the longer-term outlook for our Company.Our business review meeting will begin at eight o'clock tomorrow morning and will be held at the Mandarin Hotel. Because of this upcoming meeting, we will keep the duration our Q1 conference call rather brief. I would suggest 30 minutes or so, including questions and answers.I would also like to request that you limit your questions to topics relevant to the first quarter as we expect to address all other issues tomorrow.Our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, will begin our prepared remarks with a few introductory comments. Our Chief Financial Officer Jon Peacock will then walk you through
Amgen Inc	chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our conference call.The focus of our call today will be to primarily discuss our strong operating performance during the fourth quarter and full year 2012. This performance is increasingly backed by a diverse portfolio of products. In addition to our strong operating performance, 2012 was characterized by meaningful advances within our pipeline, completion of important acquisitions, and return of significant capital to shareholders. To discuss these topics in greater detail, I'm joined by several members of our leadership team.Our Chairman and CEO, Bob Bradway, will begin with a brief strategic overview. Following Bob, our CFO, Jon Peacock, will review our quarterly results and provide revenue and EPS guidance for 2013. Our head of Global Commercial Operations, Tony Hooper, will then highlight our product performance followed by our head of R&D, Sean Harper, who will provide a brief pipeline update.The reason I said brief
Amgen Inc	President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Excellent. Thank you, Marvin, good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our Q1 conference call. I think our Q1 performance is a good snapshot of the progress that we are making to deliver results which are consistent with our objectives for the full year. We also made meaningful advances with our pipeline during the quarter, notably the announcement that we achieved the primary endpoint of durable response rate for TVEC, which is a novel therapy for the treatment of malignant melanoma.To discuss our quarterly performance and our full-year outlook in greater detail, I'm joined by several members of our senior leadership team. Our Chairman and CEO, Bob Bradway will begin with a brief strategic overview. After Bob, our CFO, Jon Peacock will review our quarterly results and provide an update on EPS guidance for the year. Tony Hooper, who is our Head of Global Commercial Operations will provide details on our product performance during the quarter, followed by Sean Harper, our Head of R&D, who will provide a brief pipeline update.We will use slides for our presentation today. These slides have been
Amgen Inc	will be your conference facilitator today for Amgen's second quarter 2008 financial results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. There will be a question-and-answer session at the conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP OF IR, AMGEN INC.: Thank you, Dennis, and good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second quarter results conference call. A lot happened during the second quarter, with perhaps the most notable event being the availability of important new data on denosumab. Our Chairman and CEO Kevin Sharer will lead off the discussion today with both a strategic and operational review of our business. Our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Bradway, will then provide some additional details on our performance in the second quarter, with a particular focus on how the trends observed through the first half translate into expectations for the rest of
Amgen Inc	first half translate into expectations for the rest of the year. George Morrow, our Head of Commercial Operations, will then discuss our product performance in the US and international markets, both in the context of the second quarter and expectations for the remainder of the year. Roger Perlmutter, who as you know is our Head of Research and Development, will then provide a description of the recently disclosed data on denosumab, together with a brief review of our emerging products pipeline. We will be using slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was sent to you separately by e-mail. Before I turn the call over to Kevin, I would like to remind you that through the course of our presentation today, we will make certain forward-looking statements, and of course actual results can vary materially. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN SHARER, CEO, PRESIDENT & CHAIRMAN, AMGEN INC.: Thanks, Arvind. Good afternoon. We have much to report and discuss with you today with undoubtedly and understandably a major focus on our denosumab program. I will comment today on the D-mab program after our report
Amgen Inc	we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.&nbsp;ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to welcome you to our conference call. Today we'll focus on our performance for the third quarter and the outlook for the remainder of the year. We also hope to see you in New York in a couple of weeks on November 7, for our business review meeting where we intend to share our initial thoughts on commercializing denosumab together with an update on our early stage pipeline. As a result I expect that our prepared comments today will be rather brief, although we should have ample time for your questions at the end.Leading the discussion today is our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, who will provide a strategic review of our business. Our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Bradway will then provide some additional details on our performance in the third quarter and highlight the rationale for improved growth outlook on a full year basis for 2008. George Morrow, our Head
Amgen Inc	conclusion of the last speakers' prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). I would like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Dennis. Good afternoon, everybody, I would like to welcome you to our second quarter conference call. When we communicated our Q1 results, you may recall that several things affected our Q1 performance adversely, and yet we thought we would see a sequential recovery going into the second quarter, based on segmented share growth, planned price increases, and normalization of inventory levels. Most of these expectations materialized in the second quarter, and we'll discuss these trends in detail. Today we have also announced an important partnership with GlaxoSmithKline related to the commercialization of denosumab outside of the United States. So let us get started as we have a lot of ground to cover.Our Chairman and CEO will begin the call today with a strategic review of our business. And offer additional insights on our partnership with GSK. Our Chief Financial
Amgen Inc	conclusion of our last speakers prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Arvin Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIN SOOD, VP IR, AMGEN: Thank you, Christian. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our third quarter results conference call. As we have a lot of ground to cover today, I will keep my comments very brief so we have adequate time for your questions at the end of our prepared remarks. Joining me today are Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO, who will provide a strategic review of our business followed by our CFO, Bob Bradway, who will discuss our quarterly results, underscore the significant strides we have made and how we manage our capital and offer insights on our revised growth outlook for the year. George Morrow, Head of Global Commercial Operations, will discuss our product performance trends in the US and international markets as well as how we have held up against (inaudible) outside the US. Roger Perlmutter,
Amgen Inc	Q&A session.(Operator Instructions).I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC.: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our second quarter results conference call. Probably the best way to characterize this quarter, is solid revenue growth, both in the US and in international markets, and good business momentum, as we embark on the second half of this year. This morning, I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, who will provide a strategic overview of our performance during the quarter. John Peacock, our CFO, will then go into additional detail on our financial performance during the quarter. Our President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Bradway, will provide some additional color on how our products performed during the quarter, followed by our head of R&D, Roger Perlmutter, who will provide an R&D update.We'll use a handful of slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website, and a link was sent to you separately by e-mail. I would like to remind you that our comments today will be governed by our Safe Harbor statement, the
Amgen Inc	you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our conference call to discuss our financial and operating results for the third quarter. With more than three-quarters of the year behind us, our business continues to perform well and has good momentum as we head into the latter part of the year. We have also taken several actions so we can deliver meaningful returns to our shareholders.To discuss our results and these initiatives, I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Kevin Sharer, who will provide a strategic overview of our performance, followed by our CFO, Jon Peacock, who will provide additional details on our financial performance during the quarter. Our President, Bob Bradway, who was also recently elected to our Board, will provide some additional color on how our products performed during the quarter, followed by our Head of R&D, Roger Perlmutter, who will provide an R&D update. We'll use a handful of slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was sent to you separately by e-mail.Our comments today will be governed by our Safe Harbor statement which, in summary, says that through the course of the presentation
Amgen Inc	last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to ensure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session.(Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin, and good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our Q4 and full-year 2011 results conference call. The objective of this call is to review our solid performance in 2011, focus on our outlook on for 2012, and provide some additional details on the transaction that we announced this morning with Micromet.I am joined today by Kevin Sharer, our Chairman and CEO and several members of our Management team, including some who are participating in such call for the first time. Kevin will provide the introductions today, although we will still keep our prepared comments brief and focus only on those that provide added color beyond what is in our press release. We will use slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was sent to you separately by e-mail.I
Amgen Inc	conclusion of the last speaker's prepared remarks. In order to insure that everyone has a chance to participate, we would like to request that you limit yourselves to asking one question during the Q&A session.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin, and good afternoon, everybody. I would like to welcome you to our third-quarter conference call. We once again delivered solid revenue and earnings per share growth, which is a good indicator of our business momentum. To discuss this and other topics, including recent and upcoming data presentations and scientific forums for some of our key pipeline products, I am joined today by several members of our leadership team.Our CEO, Bob Bradway, will lead the call today with providing a brief strategic overview. After Bob, our CFO, Jon Peacock, will review our quarterly results and update our guidance for the year. Our Head of Global Commercial Operations, Tony Hooper, will highlight our product performance. Followed by our Head of [Pharm], Sean Harper, who will provide a pipeline update. After Sean's presentation, we'll have plenty of time for questions. As
Amgen Inc	Global Commercial Operations will then discuss our product performance both within the U.S. and international markets with a particular focus on critical issues that may influence product performance in 2008. Following George will be Roger Perlmutter, our Head of R&D who in the context of providing a pipeline update will discuss the results of a Phase-3 study comparing Denosumab to to Alendronate. After Roger's presentation we will open up for your questions.We will be using slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our Web site and a link was sent to you separately by e-mail.Before I turn the call over to Kevin I would like to remind you that through the course of our presentation today we will make certain forward-looking statements and, of course, actual results can vary materially. So with that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, AMGEN INC.: Thanks, Arvind.. Good afternoon everybody. Thanks for joining us.Needless to say 2007 was a challenging year for Amgen and our shareholders. In fact in my now almost 16 years with the company it stands out as the toughest one we've ever faced. We had safety concerns in our
Amgen Inc	We hope it's a last. Thanks for joining us. My comments will be a bit longer than normal today, given all that's going on at Amgen, and the fact that we now have a more complete view of 2008, with a third of the year under our belt. First, I would like to talk about the quarterly results and what underlies them, as well as trends we see now and expect to develop. Revenue first. While reporting a revenue decline is painful and not our history or future expectation, it is a consequence of a tough year-over-year comparison. I know taking the numbers at face value, particularly in ESA franchise, raises questions. George will therefore go over product by product the revenue in more detail than usual.However, as I look at the underlying drivers and trends and what we see right now, I am confident we will deliver revenues solidly in the guidance range. We also compete in a number of (inaudible) while it's early in the biosimilar front, in all of our competitive situations, I am pleased so far. Let's now turn to R&D and our investment in R&D. The reported numbers show a large decline from first quarter
Amgen Inc	of our entire management team here with a profound apology. Apparently British Telecom had a problem with one of their bridges at the last minute and we lost everybody. So thank you very much for your patience. We really appreciate your interest. I'm just going to go ahead and turn the call over to Kevin right away, and before we get started, I would just like to remind you that through the course of our presentation today, we are going to make certain forward-looking statements, and of course actual results can vary materially. So with that, let me go ahead and turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN SHARER, PRESIDENT & CEO, AMGEN: Thanks, Arvind. Thanks, everybody, for your patience. This, I think, is my 63rd quarterly call and this is a first. We hope it's a last. Thanks for joining us. My comments will be a bit longer than normal today, given all that's going on at Amgen, and the fact that we now have a more complete view of 2008, with a third of the year under our belt. First, I would like to talk about the quarterly results and what underlies them, as well as trends we see
Amgen Inc	that you limit yourself to asking one question during the Q&A session.(Operator Instructions)I would now like to introduce Arvind Sood, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Sood, you may now begin.ARVIND SOOD, VP, IR, AMGEN INC: Thank you, Marvin. Good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to welcome you to our conference call to review our third-quarter financial results.This sure has been a busy year. It's also been a great year so far as we have made remarkable progress against our strategic priorities.I'm joined today by our Chairman and CEO Bob Bradway, who will provide a progress update on our accomplishments. Following Bob, our CFO, John Peacock will review our financial results for the third quarter and provide an update on our guidance for the remainder of the year. Tony Hooper, our Head of Commercial Operations, will then discuss our product performance during the quarter and trends that we see going forward. And finally, Sean Harper, our Head of R&D, will provide a brief pipeline update, and after Sean's comments we should have ample time for Q&A.We will use slides for our presentation today. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was sent to you separately by e-mail.
Amgen Inc	have done over the past two quarters, we'll use slides for our presentations. These slides have been posted on our website and they were also sent separately by e-mail. So, before we start, I would like to mention that through the course of our presentations today, we'll make certain forward-looking statements and of course, actual results can vary materially.So, with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN SHARER, CEO, PRESIDENT AND CHAIRMAN, AMGEN: Thanks, Arvind. Hi, everybody. Happy New Year.We are taking a little bit different agenda approach today as Arvind said. We got a lot to talk about in the pipeline and we'll have Roger, right after I'm done, report on that.First thing is the Safe Harbor statement. I just want to mention, I won't read it obviously, but we're making some predictions here, and you can't be sure they will come true and there are other SEC documents that more fully contain all the information. I assume, as Arvind said, that you have our slides, and I'll refer to them.I'm going to start at Slide Five, which says 2006 highlights. 2006 was a very strong year for Amgen. I'm delighted with our performance. I'm
Amgen Inc	Roger will spend some time discussing results of the recently completed Study 145 with Aranesp, as well as provide updates on key pipeline products including denosumab. As we have done in the past we will use slides for our presentation. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was also sent separately by e-mail. So before we start, I would like to mention that through the course of our presentation today we'll make certain forward-looking statements and, of course, actual results can vary materially. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, AMGEN, INC.: Thanks, Arvind. Good afternoon, everybody. Again, I want to reiterate what Arvind said. We had an event filled and busy couple of months here, and I know we all want to talk about it. So we'll have plenty of time to -- to answer your questions and give you our perspective. My assumption is that you've had a chance to look at the press release, but if you haven't, that's fine, too.First of all, let's talk about the first quarter. It was a really strong quarter for us. Revenue was up 15%, and adjusted EPS
Amgen Inc	our financial results for Q2 followed by George Morrow, our head of Global Commercial Operations. George is going to highlight our product performance in both the U.S. and international markets. Following George will be Roger Perlmutter, our head of R&D. Roger will provide updates on key pipeline products including Denosumab. As we have done in the past, we use slides for our presentation. These slides have been posted on our website, and a link was also sent separately by e-mail. So before we start, I would like to mention that through the course of our presentation today, we'll make certain forward-looking statements and, of course, actual results can vary materially. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN SHARER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AMGEN: Thank you, Arvind. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to start by focusing on our results and the work we are doing to create a strong and promising future. These are clearly challenging times for our anemia franchise on a number of fronts. We discussed these challenges last quarter, and this quarter the impact of those challenges have begun to appear in the financial results. While we delivered
Amgen Inc	within the U.S. and international markets with a specific focus on recent developments within our anemia business. Following George, Roger Perlmutter our head of R&D will provide update on restructuring efforts within the R&D organization as well as an update on key pipeline products.As we have done in the past, we'll use slides for our presentation. These slides have been posted on our website and a link was sent separately by e-mail. Before we start, I would like to mention through the course of our presentation today we'll make certain forward-looking statements and of course actual results can vary materially. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.KEVIN SHARER, CEO, PRESIDENT, AMGEN: Thank you, Arvind. Good afternoon, everyone. 2007 has been a challenging year for not only Amgen but our entire industry. I expect our industry will face mounting challenges centered around the cost of the medicines we develop and finding within our regulatory partners around the world the right balance between the risks and benefits of these medicines. However, one thing will not change. Physicians and patients will continue to look for Amgen and other biopharmaceutical companies find solutions for terrible diseases, diabetes, cancer,
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	last night. With me today, dialing from Mexico City, we have Daniel Hajj, CEO, Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona, Investor Relations Officer.I would like now to turn the call over to Daniel Hajj for his initial remarks. Daniel?DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Good morning, Mauricio. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for being in the call. As always, Carlos Garcia Moreno is going to make a summary of the fourth quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Daniel. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Mauricio, for hosting the call. The fourth quarter was our best ever in terms of net subscriber additions. We added 10.1 million subscribers, 3 million of them in Brazil, 2 million in both Mexico and Colombia, and approximately 0.5 million each in Argentina, Peru, Ecuador and the Caribbean.Although we had a very good momentum in terms of subscriber growth, late in the year the effects of the economic downturn became more visible in various countries. At the end of 2008, we had 182.7 million wireless subscribers, 19.1% more than a year before. During the year, we obtained 29.3 million new subscribers, who were our net gains, net subscriber additions for the year, which was
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	Mr. Vera Rossi. Please go ahead.VERA ROSSI, ANALYST, HOST OF MORGAN STANLEY: Good morning for those of you in the U.S. and Latin America, and good afternoon to all of you in Europe. This is Vera Rossi. And on behalf of Morgan Stanley, we are pleased to be hosting America Movil first quarter '09 conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil; Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO. And also with us is Daniela Lecuona, Head of IR.I will turn the call over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you. Daniel?DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Yes, thank you, Vera. Good morning, everybody. Thank you being on the call. Carlos Garcia Moreno is going to make a summary of the first quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO ELIZONDO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Vera, for hosting the call. In last quarter, in which the economic situation was quite bad in both the US and Mexico, and it was -- well it was a clear tendency for the economies of the main South American countries to deteriorate as well, America Movil posted solid revenue growth, helped by [fair] establishments and a strong EBITDA
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	Executive Officer; Carlos Garcia Moreno, Chief Financial Officer; Oscar Van Hauske, Chief Operating Officer; and Carlos Robles, Chief Financial Officer Telemex. I want to remind you that this morning our webcast is going to be supported by slides and you can access the presentation on our website.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for the America Movil second quarter of 2013 financial and operating report and Carlos is going to give us a presentation of the results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, good morning, everyone. With the US economy continuing to get better footing economic activity in Latin America appeared to pick up in the second quarter, underpinning stronger top-line growth throughout the region in spite of the financial volatility that resulted from the Fed's statement in May that it would likely start cutting back on its bond purchases before the end of the year given the resilience of the US economy.This volatility led to major swings in exchange rates and for the most part resulted in a significant strengthening of the US dollar vis-a-vis other currencies with the Mexican peso depreciating 6.7%, the Brazilian real 10.1%, the Colombian
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	seen in the notes, we had a very strong fourth quarter.We had net additions in the quarter of 9.7 million, which was a record for America Movil in terms of organic net gain. These net additions were well above the consensus. It was 1 million, exactly, above the consensus number and that means that we ended the year with a total of 32.2 million net additions. Again, this was a record. The previous record, which has been in 2004, had been a total of 17.2 million net additions. So the numbers here was mostly organic. Of the 32.2 million net additions in 2005, roughly 29 million were organic.One thing that is important, also, is the net additions in the fourth quarter were substantially higher than what we had in the same period of 2004. At that time we had had 7.4 million net additions. So, again, fourth quarter net additions, 9.7 in 2005, 7.4 in 2004.As regards revenues, we had a total of 52.4 billion pesos in the fourth quarter. This implies an increase quarter-over-quarter of 13.4% and year-over-year of 27.6%. This number, again, the fourth quarter EBITDA number, was also higher than the highest estimate that we were seeing
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you Andy, good morning everyone. We had a good quarters, again this first quarter 2006, we ended up topping 100m subscribers at the end of March. We ended up the month with about 100.6m subscribers which was an important benchmark to the company. This number changed with the net additions of 7.3m subscribers in the first quarter of the year, this made it the best first quarter that the Company has had. In fact, net additions in 2006, first quarter, were 40% higher than what we have seen a year ago.And the number for net additions was almost 50% higher than the median of the contents, of numbers that we have received from the [two finalists].Business revenues were MXN33.3b, they were up 44.6% quarter-over-quarter and nearly 30% year-over-year. The service revenues, we think, were basically in line with consensus. Total revenues of MXN50.7b were up 26.4% year-over-year. They were slightly below consensus, 4.1% below consensus and it seems that it is essentially from lower equipment revenues than the analysts had expected.I think that this has to do [inaudible] with a reduction in the average price of handsets that the Company is selling and again we will deal
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	second quarter. I think we can summarize it by saying that we have delivered the subscriber growth the market was expecting with far more EBITDA than the market had been expecting. Basically, our net additions of 7.2 million in the second quarter, which by the way was fairly similar to the ones that we have seen in the first quarter, as opposed to other years when we had seen much more [inaudible]. These net additions were very much in line with [average] the market was expecting.To the extent that there were any differences in the case of net additions, they seemed to have been more based on the results of Tracfone. Tracfone is a company that [the analyst's] expectations have been [reconciled] and they probably haven't taken into consideration that the second quarter is typically the weakest for Tracfone. Second quarter has always been the weakest quarter for Tracfone. Nonetheless, Tracfone managed to cap 35% more net additions in the second quarter than they had a year before.All in all, we ended June with nearly 108 million subscribers, which means that the net additions that we had over the first half of the year, which were $14.5 million, were even
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	We added 6.2 million subscribers in the quarter, 1.6 million in Mexico, which was almost identical to the numbers for the previous quarter, for the second quarter. We had 1.2 million in Brazil. We had 950,000 in Argentina, which was by far its best number so far this year. And we had 786,000 net additions in Columbia.If we compare it to last year, the third quarter net adds were nearly 50% higher in Argentina. We're growing more rapidly in Argentina than last year. They were higher also in Mexico. They were 22% higher in Mexico. And they were identical in Brazil, which has not been the experience of other competitors. But they were down in Columbia, and this had to do with a less aggressive commercial policy that that we've been following in that country. In spite of which, and this is important, in spite of which we maintained our market share. Essentially, all of the Columbian market slowed down more or less at the same time because -- this has to do with the fact that Columbia's penetration rate already reached 70.2% at the end of September. This makes it by far, I guess, the highest penetration rate within
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	in the region, but very much also explained by what appear to be network effects that are taking hold, and they are driving quite substantial increases in wireless penetration rates very much across the board.We have seen so far this year gains of roughly 6 to 7 points in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina in wireless penetration rates. We have seen again so far this year Colombia at 11 points penetration and Ecuador an additional 10 points. All together this has translated in a year-on-year subscriber growth for America Movil of 46.6% which represented a very strong 11.2% of quarter-over-quarter subscriber growth at 10.4m net adds. I think it was the strongest quarter on record for America Movil in terms again of net additions.We have seen net additions being at record level in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and Guatemala. Again, second quarter was the biggest ever in terms of net additions for the countries that I just mentioned. If you look at sequential growth quarter-over-quarter, we have seen very significant growth still in places like Argentina with 20%. Brazil itself 15.5%, Colombia with 30.6%, Ecuador with 15% and Mexico continuing to grow at a very stable rate of really from a much
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	may re-queue for another question. Today's conference is being recorded, if you have any objections please disconnect at this time. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Andre Baggio. Thank you, sir. You may begin.ANDRE BAGGIO, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Good morning, everyone. This is Andre Baggio, JPMorgan, Telecom and Media Analyst for Latin America. Today we are hosting America Movil's Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call. With us today, we have America Movil's CEO, Mr. Daniel Hajj, America Movil Wireline Business Director, [Austin van Holski], America Movil's CFO, Carlos Garcia Moreno and America Movil IR Manager, Daniela Lecuona. With that introduction, I will ask Daniel to begin his presentation, which will be followed by Q&A. Thanks.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B. DE C.V.: Good morning, Andre. Good morning, everyone. Today we will be presenting you the results of America Movil for the third quarter of 2010. As you know, we completed the acquisition of substantially all the shares of Carso Global Telecom in June, which gave us the control of both Telmex and Telmex International. We are consolidating both companies in America Movil beginning July 1st. The results are all presented under international financial reporting standards.The new America
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	would include, among others, Mexico and Argentina and Colombia. Again, with the strongest showing in the year.America Movil as a whole had its strongest quarter this quarter, and the number of subscriber additions that the Company managed to have was significantly above the market consensus estimates. It was roughly 30% higher than the market consensus has been putting.The second thing that is very important to mention regarding the third quarter numbers, is that we had also a very strong top line growth, also very much across the board. America Movil's consolidated revenues rose by 8.7% quarter-over-quarter, and if you were to look at each one of the individual figures, practically everyone, probably Mexico was the only exception, that quarter-on-quarter growth was between 10 and 20% in this quarter. Argentina was the only exception, because they had nearly 31% revenue growth quarter-over-quarter.So again, a strong top line growth and against very much diversified in terms of [indiscernible] whole of the operations had a [indiscernible] quarter-on-quarter revenue growth.A few things to highlight is that -- by the way, the revenues were also above consensus estimate. The [indiscernible] profits 7% above the consensus estimate.As regards the EBITDA, EBITDA the Company ended this quarter
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	to thank Merrill Lynch and Whitney because she is hosting this conference call and I am going to pass to Carlos Garcia-Moreno and he is going to make some more summary of the fourth quarter results.&nbsp;CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you Daniel and good morning everyone. Well as most of you are familiar with the press release I am going to report, Am&eacute;rica M&oacute;vil got a extraordinarily strong subscriber growth in the fourth quarter. This was the best ever for almost all of the subsidiaries. And this, you know, a year that already seen a sharper federation of subscriber growth. In the fourth quarter, we obtained 7 million reais, 2 million in Mexico, 1.7 in Brazil. 1 each in Colombia and Argentina, 550,000 in the United States, and approximately 360,000 in both Ecuador and Central America. This capital year we would have total of 17.3 million net of supply by additions, which is close to 50% more than the ones that we incorporated in 2003 and for actually 2003 two-thirds of the subscribers that we picked up had been -- came through our acquisitions. In 2004, substantial yield of the growth was organic.The fourth quarter tends to be already
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	going to pass to Carlos.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SA DE CV: Hello, good morning everyone. Well, as you probably have seen from our report, we had a fairly strong first quarter of the year. We had 5.2m net subscriber additions, and product revenue came in at MXP38.8b, with MXP12.6b (ph) of EBITDA. The EBITDA margins in the quarter went up 7 points, related to the last quarter of last year.And what we have seen is that these results are, as regards the financial part, very much in line with what was the [consolidated] expectations in the market. The EBIT was also virtually identical to the median of both revenues and EBITDA, so from that sense also EBITDA margin would be put in that consensus.But what is materially different is the number of net subscriber additions. The number of net subscriber additions is 70% greater than what was the consensus both if you measure it in terms of average or the median of the consensus number for net subscribers. So this is a thing that we saw in the last quarter of last year, in that America Movil is now delivering more growth, with the same level of profitability
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	afternoon. This is Andy Campbell from Credit Suisse. I am head of telecom, media, and technology research for Latin America. We have on the line with us today, from Mexico City, Daniel Hajj, CEO; Carlos Garcia-Moreno, CFO; Oscar Von Hauske, Director of Wireline Services; and Daniela Lecuona, Head of Investor Relations.At this point, I'd like to thank America Movil for allowing us to host the call today, and I'll hand it over to the Company for their opening remarks.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, Andy. Thank you, everybody, for being on the call. Carlos is going to make, as always, a summary of the fourth quarter 2010 financial results.CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B. DE C.V.: Hello. Thanks, Andy, for hosting the call. Good morning, everyone.The last quarter of 2010 crowned a year of strong economic expansion in South America and (inaudible) economic recovery in North America. It's all about reacceleration of solid growth in much of the region.As such, we added 8.2 million wireless subscribers in the quarter, nearly 23% more than we did in the year-earlier quarter.The postpaid additions, at 1.9 million in the quarter, more than doubled (technical difficulties) a year before. In
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	and I'm the Latin America telecom and media analyst for Bank of American Merrill Lynch. We are honored to host this quarter's conference call to discuss America Movil's first quarter 2011 results. I'm in Sao Paulo, Brazil and from America Movil Mexico City we have Senor Hajj, CEO Carlos Garcia-Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona Torras, Investor Relations. Daniel, Carlos, and Daniela, thank you very much for the opportunity. Daniel and Carlos, you may now go ahead with your initial remarks.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, Mauricio. Thank you, everybody, for being on the call. As always, Carlos is going to make a summary of the first quarter 2011 financial and operating.CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Mauricio, for hosting the call.Well, we finished March with the 284 million accesses. That's 12% more than a year before. Wireless subscribers totaled 231 million and fixed-line RGUs, revenue generating units, 53 million, having increased 12% and 15% respectively from March 2010.If we open up growth in the RGUs, what we have is broadband accesses rose 17% and PayTV accesses 34%. We added 6 million subscribers in the first quarter of
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	Brazil, and from America Movil in Mexico we do have Daniel Hajj, CEO; Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO; Oscar Von Hauske, COO; and Daniela Lecuona, Head of Investor Relations. Daniel, thank you very much for the opportunity of hosting this call; you may now go ahead with your initial remarks. Thank you.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Thank you, Mauricio. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for being in our first quarter of 2012 financial and operating report. And Carlos is going to make us a small summary of the results of this quarter; Carlos.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Mauricio for hosting the call.Well we've had world financial markets that have shown a remarkable stabilization in the first quarter following the strong turbulence encountered in much of the second half of the prior year. The economic outlook appears to have improved, and in the first quarter consumer confidence in our region of operation was on the rise with local currencies appreciating in much of the region, particularly in Mexico and Colombia.We finished March with 306 million accesses, which is 7.7% more than a year before, having added 6.1 million accesses in
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	DE CV: Good morning, everybody. Thank you, Dan. Carlos is going to make a summary of our -- Thank you, first, for being in the call, and Carlos is going to make a summary of the second quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Good morning, everyone. Again, thanks to UBS for hosting the call today.The stabilization of financial markets that has come about at the beginning of the year has led to (technical difficulties) and provided economic activity in the region came to an end at the beginning of the second quarter and renewed concerns about global economic growth and the economic situation of some European countries. In some Latin American countries, like Brazil, the economies slowed down more, intensifying competitive pressures.In spite of the volatility in financial markets, we managed to post solid gains in the quarter that topped all estimates, bar none, both in the wireless and the wireline platform, adding 5.9 million wireless subscribers, including 1.1 million that came with the acquisition of Simple Mobile in the US, and 1.7 million RGUs. It is important to note that, where we can provide triple play services, everywhere, all in Mexico and Argentina, over half
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	third quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A. DE C.V.: Hello, everyone. We have had a good quarter in the third quarter. It's a quarter where we had a still fairly strong subscriber growth, from a particular standpoint, particularly compared with the second quarter, but very much a lumpy trend that we have been seeing for the year.We added nearly 10m subscribers in the quarter, most of that organic. 3.3m came from acquisitions of the Peruvian and the Paraguayan operations, and the Chilean operations, all of which are grown in the month of August. And by the end of the quarter we had already reached a total of 83.6m wireless subscribers, 85.6m total lines if we include fixed lines.So far in the year, through September, we have added 22.5m subscribers. And the organic growth that we have had so far this year would be there in the range of 19m. It's already fairly higher than what we had in terms of net additions for all of 2004. If you recall, in 2004 we had 17.2m net additions. And already in the first nine months of this year we have had more than 19m net adds.I think it is important
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	I would now like to turn the conference over to Vera Rossi. Please go ahead.VERA ROSSI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Good morning, everyone. This is Vera Rossi. And on behalf of Morgan Stanley, we are pleased to be hosting AMX fourth quarter conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil, Carlos Garcia-Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona, Head of Investor Relations. I will turn the call over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you. Daniel?DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Thank you, Vera. Good morning, everyone. As always, Carlos is going to make a small summary of the fourth quarter results. And he also is going to give a brief explanation of the proposed transaction that we're doing. So please, Carlos?CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Thank you, Daniel. Good morning, Vera. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for hosting the call, Vera. Most of the Latin American economy, particularly in South America, recovering from the world economic crisis that shook the world and helped also by strong seasonal elements. Subscriber growth, picked up spin the fourth quarter.We are a 6.6 million clients to end the year with 201 million subscribers, finally surpassing the 200 million subscriber mark,
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	My name is Mauricio Fernandes and I'm the Latin America Telecom and Media Analyst for Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. We are honored to host this quarter's conference call to discuss America Movil's first quarter 2010 results. I'm in Sao Paulo, Brazil, and from America Movil in Mexico City, we have Daniel Hajj, CEO, Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona, Head of Investor Relations.Daniel, Carlos, and Daniela, thank you very much for the opportunity. Daniel and Carlos, you may now go ahead with your initial remarks. Thank you.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Thank you, Mauricio. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for being on the call. As always, Carlos is going to present a summary of the results. Carlos, please?CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Hello, good morning, everyone. Mauricio, thanks for hosting the call. The economic recovery and the application available in American currency, basically, the US dollar, shall bring about a reacceleration of consumer spending and subscriber growth. All of these, together with the continued interest in data services, we saw very strong top-line growth and in several countries, significant EBITDA margin expansion.Before going into the numbers, it's important to note that the
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Rizwan Ali, Senior Latin American Telecom Analyst at Deutsche Bank. You may begin.RIZWAN ALI, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Good morning and good afternoon to those in Europe. It's a pleasure for us to host America Movil's Second Quarter 2010 Conference Call. Representing the Company today is Mr. Daniel Hajj, the CEO, Mr. Carlos Garcia Moreno, the CFO and Daniela Lecuona, the IR Manager.And with this, I'll ask Mr. Hajj to begin his presentation, after which we'll have a Q&A session. Daniel?DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, Rizwan. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for being at America Movil's Second Quarter Results Conference Call. And I am going to ask Carlos to give us a brief summary of the results. Carlos?CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, Daniel. Thank you, Rizwan, for hosting the call. Good morning, everyone.Well, before getting in to the results of our operations, I would like to start by saying that we closed last month our tender offers for Carso Global Telecom and Telmex
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	participating in the call.We ended the year with 325.7 million access lines. That was 8.7% more than a year before. Our fixed-line accesses increased 10.8% year on year on the back of PayTV and fixed broadband accesses, while our wireless subscriber base rose 8.2%.We added 5.6 million wireless subscribers in the fourth quarter, after one-off disconnections of 1.5 million clients, taking our net adds for the year to 19.8 million, which is 18% more than in the prior year. On the quarter's net gains, 1.8 million came from Brazil, where we got approximately half of the net additions of the market; 1.2 million from Mexico, and this is after disconnecting in Mexico 1 million, so after disconnecting 1 million, we got 1.2 million net, so total in the market that we obtained was 2.2 million; 753,000 from the US; and 409,000 from Colombia; with net additions more than doubling in Chile and the Caribbean.Our postpaid base increased by 1.4 million clients in the fourth quarter.We added 1.3 million RGUs in the quarter, bringing to 6.3 million the net RGU adds for the year.Whereas financial volatility became more subdued in the fourth quarter as the uncertainty around the euro continued to
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	Oscar Von Hauske, Chief Operating Officer; and Carlos Robles, Chief Financial Officer of Telmex.Daniel.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Yes, good morning, everybody. Thank you for being on America Movil's first-quarter 2013 financial and operating report. And Carlos Garcia Moreno is going to make us a summary of the results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Okay, thank you, Daniel. Good morning, everyone. The euro economy continued to face strong headwinds in the first quarter of the year. We expect economic growth for 2013 worsening even further in Europe and China. In Latin America, several countries' economies weakened more in the state of softer commodity prices.In spite of the above, active growth remained relatively strong. In relative terms and before considering subscriber disconnections in Colombia arising from our changing our commercial policy, net new access lines exceeded by 8.3% those obtained in the first quarter of 2012. We ended March with 328.2 million access lines. Our wireless subscriber base increased 6.9% year-on-year even after given effect to the Colombian disconnections. While fixed RGUs were up 9.5%, fixed line accesses in South America climbing 18.3% year-on-year.We added 1.4 million wireless subscribers in the first quarter after disconnections
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: All right, good morning. Thank you, Carlos. Good morning, everyone. Before going into the summary of our third quarter results, which Carlos Garcia Moreno will present in a few minutes, I wanted to take this opportunity to present to you our views as to the outlook for America Movil in the coming months, given the extraordinary circumstances that financial markets have been under recently.First, I would like to mention that going into this crisis, the Latin American countries where we operate were in a strong shape. Public finances have improved, bringing down public debt levels. Inflation was almost everywhere well contained. Private sector debt was relatively low. And banks were well capitalized. The countries where we were for the most part generating credit surpluses.These countries have solid fundamentals. They were well positioned to withstand a deterioration of the international economic situation. These are countries that have the desire and the capability to base a greater part of their economic growth on the expansion of their domestic markets.Whereas economic growth rates may be affected by the international environment, we believe that Latin America will be less affected than other regions. Growth rates will remain
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	you, Andres, and as always, it's -- thank you for being in the call. Carlos Garcia-Moreno is going to make a small summary of the second quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A. DE C.V.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Andres, for opening the call. As was the case in the first quarter, the second quarter was characterized by a fairly sharp economic contraction involving US and Mexico. But this time, the general outlook for the main economies in South America seems to improve towards the period.Overall, the combination in most operations of strong data growth, the deceleration of subscriber growth and good cost controls contributed to an improvement of EBITDA margins. Our past and present investment in our networks continue to allow us to offer more and better quality services to our clients, which has helped our retention efforts, which means lower churn rate, and has given help to bring us new results.In both Mexico and Brazil, we have had net subscriber gains from number portability. We added 3.7 million subscribers in the quarter, in line with our guidance on subscriber growth for 2009. 900,000 were obtained in Brazil, 730,000 in the US through out subsidiary Tracfone, 548,000 in
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded.&nbsp;I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Tomas Lejeu. Sir, you may begin.TOMAS LEJEU, ANALYST, UBS: Good morning, everyone. This is Tomas Lejeu from UBS. Thank you all for joining us today at America Movil's conference call for the third quarter of 2009. I am pleased to introduce Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil, Carlos Garcia-Moreno, CFO, and Daniela Lecuona, Head of IR.I will turn the call over to Daniel and Carlos for their initial remarks, and then we can move on to the Q&A session. Daniel?DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Yes. Thank you, Tomas. Thank you, everybody, for joining us in the call. Carlos is going to make a summary of the results of this quarter.CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Hello. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Tomas, for hosting the call. Although there are signs of an incipient economic recovery in several countries, particularly in South America, subscriber growth has remained subdued throughout the region. Net additions were lower than the previous quarter and substantially below those of a year before. There were two major exceptions, TracFone in the US and Claro in Brazil.TracFone added 712,000
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	America Movil third quarter '11 conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil; Carlos Garcia Moreno, CFO; Oscar Von Hauske, COO; and Daniela Lecuona, IR Manager.I would like to turn the speaker over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you, Daniel.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, Vera. Thank you everybody. Thank you for being in the Americas Movil third quarter result. Carlos Garcia Moreno makes a small summary of the results; Carlos?CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL S.A.B. DE C.V.: Thank you, Vera, for hosting the call. Good morning, everyone.Well, America Movil added 5.5 million wireless subscribers in the third quarter; slightly more than a year before, bringing the total to September to 16.4 million, well above the budget for the period.Our greater coverage and data capabilities have been instrumental in our being able to expand rapidly our postpaid base. At 22%, it's rate of growth was slightly more than twice that of prepaid. Absolutely all our operations, no exceptions, increased more rapidly the postpaid base and prepaid one.Fixed line access has increased by [2.1 million] units, or by 13% year on year. With PayTV subs growing 34% (sic - see page 4 of
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	on to the Q&A.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Thank you, Tomas. Thank you, everyone. Carlos, as always, is going to make a summary of the results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Thank you, Tomas, for hosting the call. Good morning, everyone.In spite of the increaser uncertainty worldwide in the last quarter 2011, with high financial volatility extending from the European crisis and still with the US economy, the tone of the Latin American markets continued to be strong throughout the end of the year. America Movil thus posted a 13% increase in gross wireless subscriber additions in that quarter relative to the prior year, hitting A record in Brazil at nearly 10 million and continuing strong in Mexico with 9.1 million.America Movil finished the year with 300 million accesses, of which 242 million were wireless subscribers and 58 million were revenue-generating units on the fixed-line platform. We added 16.7 million subs in 2011, including 304,000 subs in the fourth quarter. The latter figure reflected connections effective in the period after the introduction of a change in the methodology used to account for subscribers statistics in Mexico, Colombia, and Ecuador. In particular, we are now
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	and Carlos Garcia Moreno is going to make a summary of the results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL SAB DE CV: Hello, good morning everyone. The measures announced in the third quarter by the European Central Bank contributed to a relative stabilization of financial markets and laid the ground for the sustained appreciation of the Mexican peso from its lows in mid-June.In South America economic growth appeared to recover somewhat in July, but probably drifted lower in the remainder of the quarter as a result of the slowdown in China. In spite of the relatively soft economic environment, we were able to increase by 5.6 million our accesses -- 4.1 million in mobile, 1.6 million in fixed -- to finish September with 319 million. Fixed line RGUs rose 11.3% from the prior year and mobile access 6%.As of September we have 256 million wireless subscribers, 30 million land lines, 17 million broadband accesses and 16 million Pay-TV units. The latter are growing at a 26% annual pace, while broadband accesses are expanding at a rate of nearly 15%.RGUs of our Brazilian operations climbed 24% to 26 million(sic-see press release &quot;27.5 million&quot;) after adding 1.2 million RGUs in the quarter. Brazil
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	that we have obtained, to finish the year with 153.4 million subs.Overall, in 2007, we gained 28.6 million clients, nearly as many as the organic subscriber additions that we had the year before and roughly 6 million or so higher than the number that we had expected at the beginning of the year. In Mexico, we had 2.5 million net additions in the fourth quarter, slightly more than in the same period last year, whereas in Brazil we had our best quarter ever, with 2.2 million gains, 35% more than a year before.Argentina and Colombia contained over a million subscribers in the quarter each, while TracFone in the U.S. got over 700,000 subs. Altogether, in 2007, we gained 6.8 million subs in Mexico, 6.3 million in Brazil, which is 22% more than the previous year, 3.7 million in Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, 2.7 million in Colombia and 2.1 million in Peru, our fastest-growing subsidiary.In Central America, we are at 2.3 million subscribers, with Guatemala counting for nearly half of them. In the U.S., TracFone obtained 1.6 million new subscribers. At the end of the year, we had 50 million subs in Mexico, 30.2 million in Brazil, 22.3 million in Colombia, 13.5
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	very good subscriber growth and revenue growth in the context of declining prices that has happened very much across the board but with strong traffic expansion and content churn. I think one thing that is important is to note that relative to the consensus our revenues were below the expected numbers and we are going to be addressing this in the call but the EBITDA margins are virtually identical to the consensus, even in spite of the fact that subscriber growth was a good 20% higher than the market was expecting, so we had a very good EBITDA margin given that subscriber growth was much stronger than the consensus had it to be.And, as I said, indications for our revenues, we are roughly 4% below consensus and service revenue in the total revenue growth but this is something that we will be addressing here in the call. It's important to know that in the quarter we continued to roll out 3G networks throughout the region and have been most [capable] the first adopter of this technology. Our 3G coverage now spans 14 countries in the Americas and in several countries we remain the sole 3G operator today.We added 5.7 million
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	and Latin American and good afternoon to our few in Europe. This is Vera Rossi and on behalf of Morgan Stanley we are pleased to be hosting America Movil first quarter '08 conference call. Speaking today will be Daniel Hajj, CEO of America Movil, Carolos Garcia-Moreno, CFO, and also with us is Daniela Lecuona, Head of IR.I will turn the speaker over to Daniel Hajj. Thank you Daniel.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Vera. Thank you for hosting the call and thank you everybody for attending the call. As always, Carlos Garcia-Moreno is going to make a summary of the first quarter results of America Movil. Carlos, please.CARLOS JOSE GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Vera. Good morning everyone. America Movil finished the first quarter of the year with a very good subscriber growth and revenue growth in the context of declining prices that has happened very much across the board but with strong traffic expansion and content churn. I think one thing that is important is to note that relative to the consensus our revenues were below the expected numbers and we are going to be addressing this in the call but the EBITDA margins are virtually identical
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	quarter 2008 earnings conference call. On this call we will have Daniel Hajj, CEO; Carolos Garcia-Moreno, CFO; and Daniela Lecuona, Head of IR.Now I would like to turn over to Daniel Hajj for his administrative presentation, which will be followed by your Q&A.DANIEL HAJJ, CEO, AMERICA MOVIL: Thank you, Andre. Thank you everybody for being in the call. Carlos Garcia-Moreno is going to present the summary of the second quarter financial and operating results. Carlos, please.CARLOS GARCIA-MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL: Hello. Thanks for hosting the call, Andre. Good morning, everyone.America Movil obtained solid financial results in second quarter that were supported by good subscriber and revenue growth. The Latin American countries where we operate continue to do well economically, having benefited from a (inaudible) gain coming from the increasing price of commodities, oil, minerals, food stuffs, and the decline in the price of imported manufactured goods. These gains are driving an expansion of consumption that has underpinned the growth of wireless services.The second quarter was characterized by very strong subscriber growth. Our net addition, 6.1 million, exceeded those of a year before and also those registered the previous quarter. Our subscriber base thus reached 165.3 million subs at the end
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	growth. The Latin American countries where we operate continue to do well economically, having benefited from a (inaudible) gain coming from the increasing price of commodities, oil, minerals, food stuffs, and the decline in the price of imported manufactured goods. These gains are driving an expansion of consumption that has underpinned the growth of wireless services.The second quarter was characterized by very strong subscriber growth. Our net addition, 6.1 million, exceeded those of a year before and also those registered the previous quarter. Our subscriber base thus reached 165.3 million subs at the end of June, which represents a 20.4% year-on-year increase. This is after obtaining a total of 11.9 million subs in the first 6 months of the year.Brazil led the way in terms of net additions, with 1.9 million, which accounted for 26% of the net additions for the Brazilian market in the quarter. The net additions in Brazil doubled those of the first quarter, and they were 17% higher than those in a year before. The rate of growth of the subscriber base has now reached 36% in June, with post-paid subscribers continuing to outpace prepaid subscribers. 3G has been a great success in Brazil and has
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	call. Carlos is going to make a summary of the third quarter results.CARLOS GARCIA MORENO, CFO, AMERICA MOVIL, S.A.B DE C.V.: Hello. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for being in the call.Well, we finished September with 333.4 million accesses, 4.6% more than a year before. Wireless subscribers were up 3.6% to 265 million after 3.1 million net adds in the quarter, whereas our fixed line RGUs rose 8.6% to 68 million accesses, of which 1.4 million were obtained in the third quarter.In wireless, our postpaid base increased 11.3% from the year before, whereas our prepaid base rose by 2.3%, reflecting changes in our (inaudible) policy throughout the year.In the fixed line platform, PayTV continued to be really the more dynamic business line, increasing 17.4%, followed by fixed broadband accesses that were up 11.9%. Of the 1.4 million RGUs obtained in the quarter, 49% were PayTV clients.Triple-play bundles continued to be the main driver of RGU growth. 61.2% of the net RGU additions were sold on the triple-play bundles. Double-play packages accounted for 32.2% of net adds, and only 6.6% were single-play additions. It is important to note that the number of triple-play packages outstanding increased 20% from the year before.Brazil
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	organically and incorporated an additional 2.1 million through the acquisition of the Dominican operations from Verizon. That means that altogether our subscriber base increased by 31.4 million subs in 2006 taking us to approximately 125 million subscribers by the end of the year. In Mexico we gained 2.5 million subs in the last quarter bringing the total for the year to 7.3 million. It's one of our more important subscriber additions in Mexico ever.In Brazil, we obtained 1.7 million new subs in this last quarter, which by the way represented 42.2% of the total net additions of the market in Brazil for the quarter. And that means the 1.7 million in the quarter took us to 5.2 million subscribers, net addition of subscribers in the year as a whole.In Argentina, we also had a strong quarter toward the end of the year. We gained 1.1 million subs in that quarter and 3.4 million for the year as a whole. And in Colombia, we are at 766,000 subscribers in the last quarter making it 5.7 subscribers, net additions in the year as a whole.In the particular case of Chile, the net additions in the last quarter, which were a total of
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	was expecting. In fact, net income was 26% above the consensus.Revenues were slightly higher than consensus, but analysts generally seem to have erred on over estimating equipment revenues and underestimating service revenues. The rate of scale that we have obtained in our operations is facilitating our growth. It now requires less of an effort in relative terms for America Movil to obtain a given rate of subscriber growth. We have also benefited from lower handset costs and lower subsidies in most of our operations. All these factors have contributed to the improvement of our margins.All together, America Movil added 5.9 million subscribers in the quarter, which implied a 5.2% rate of growth of our subscriber base relative to December. In Mexico, Argentina, Chile and Peru, among others, we added more subscribers in the first quarter of '07 than a year ago. Only in Columbia did we register a significant reduction in the level of net additions, which was to be expected with the high penetration rate that these countries have already obtained, which is close to 75%.Our postpaid subscriber base grew more rapidly than the prepaid one in all of our operations, except for Ecuador and Central America. Including the
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	incorporate very different assumptions of the corresponding figures for Puerto Rico. It is not clear to what extent these assumptions distorted the consensus estimates. We added 6 million subscribers in the second quarter, slightly more organic net additions than in the first quarter to finish the first half of 2007 with 137.2 million subscribers.Our total number of lines including 3.8 million fixed lines was 141 million. In absolute terms, the largest gains were in Brazil, 1.6 million followed by Mexico with 1.2 million and Argentina with approximately 770,000 subscribers. We had roughly 0.5 million net adds in both Peru and Colombia.Year on year subscriber growth has been more rapid Uruguay and Peru with [132%] and 76% respectively followed by Argentina and Paraguay with approximately 50% each. Altogether we now have 46 million subscribers in Mexico. The third part of our subscriber base, 26 million in Brazil, 21 million in Colombia and close to 12 million in Argentina.Revenues totaled MXN75.4 billion in the second quarter. They were up 29.3% annually with service revenues rising 33%. The second quarter figures include the consolidation as I mentioned before of our Puerto Rican operation beginning in April. Excluding this operation total revenues would have
America Movil, S.A. de C.V.	third quarter, with solid subscriber growth, brisk service revenue growth, and very good cash flow and EBITDA. Whereas EBITDA was in line with consensus, net additions exceeded by over 8% THE market consensus, there was more bang for the buck.Our net additions totaled 6.2 million subscribers. Unusually for a third quarter, they exceeded those of the second quarter and were slightly higher than the ones we had last year. Postpaid subscribers grew more rapidly than prepaid subscribers in various markets, including Mexico and Brazil. In absolute terms, Brazil and Mexico led the way with 1.7 million and 1.4 million subscribers, respectively. In fact, Claro in Brazil appears to have led the Brazilian market with 28.3% of the net adds in the quarter. Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay contributed with a combined 784,000, with Columbia adding 650,000 and Peru 485,000. Peru is our fastest growing subsidiary. At the end of the September, its subscriber base had increased by 71.4% relative to a year before.America Movil had 143.4 million wireless subscribers at the end of the quarter, nearly 26% more than in September of 2006. Fixed lines totaled 3.8 million for a combined total of 147.1 million lines.Service revenue growth has been strong
Amazon.com Inc	well as the metrics and commentary on the quarter are included and will correspond to much of the discussion that follows.During this call we will also present certain non-GAAP financial measures. In the release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC each of which is posted on our IR web site, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. And finally, unless otherwise stated all comparisons used in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2002.With that, I(TM)ll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMZN: Thanks, Tim.Today I(TM)ll discuss our financial and operating results, and our future expectations. This was another great year and quarter for Amazon.com, thanks to the efforts of our global teams and partners and our returning and new customers who continued to take advantage of our lower prices, free shipping, and expanded selection.Let me start by reviewing 2003. Free cash flow grew 156 percent to $346m driven by improvements in top line growth and operating profit. The combination of common stock outstanding and employee stock based awards was 433m shares, flat with a year ago. Revenues
Amazon.com Inc	It will correspond with much of the discussion that follows. During this call we also present certain non-GAAP financial measures. In the release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against the results for the comparable period of 2003. With that I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMZN: Thanks Tim. Today I'll discuss our financial and operating results and our future expectations. This was a great quarter for Amazon.com thanks to customers who continue to take advantage of our lower prices, free shipping and expanded selection.Let me start with a few comments on our financial results. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis grew $221m, or 180%, to $344m, driven by improvements in top line growth and operating profit. The combination of common stock outstanding and stock-base awards was 432m shares, flat with a year ago.On the income statement, revenue grew 41%, gross profit grew 33%, while gross margin declined 139 basis points. Consolidated segment operating profit grew
Amazon.com Inc	is posted on our IR Web site, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures to certain comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2003.With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: Thanks, Tim. Today I will discuss our financial and operating results and our future expectations. This was another successful quarter for Amazon.com as we continued to execute on our strategy of low prices, broad selection and convenience to our customers.Let me start with a few comments on our financial results. Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis grew 45 percent to $354 million driven by organic growth in revenues and operating profit. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 434 million shares, essentially flat with a year ago.On the income statement, revenue grew 26 percent, gross profit grew 25 percent, while gross margin decreased 32 basis points. Consolidated segment operating profit grew 50 percent, operating margin increased 116 basis points, and pro forma net income grew 77 percent. Revenue grew 26 percent to $1.39 billion or 22 percent after
Amazon.com Inc	and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A. The following discussion in response to your questions reflect management's views as of today, January 29, 2009 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC. Including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC each of which is posted on our IR website. You will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our result for the comparable period of 2007. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Rob. Let me start by reviewing our fourth quarter financial results. Trailing twelve-month free cash flow grew
Amazon.com Inc	Relations, Mr. Rob Eldridge. Please go ahead, sir.ROB ELDRIDGE, VP OF IR, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello and welcome to our Q1 '09 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 23, 2009, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results
Amazon.com Inc	Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO, who will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 25, 2013, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website. You'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2012.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP AND CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Sean. I will begin with comments on
Amazon.com Inc	our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including the reconciliation of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2004.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: Thanks, Tim. This was another successful year for Amazon.com. We significantly expanded our value proposition for customers, and we are grateful to our customers, our global teams and our partners for helping deliver these results.Let me start by reviewing 2005 in full. Trailing 12-month free cash flow grew 11% to a record $529 million. Trailing 12-month free cash flow includes a onetime payment of $40 million in connection with the patent lawsuit settlement in Q3 of '05. Excluding this settlement, 2005 free cash flow grew 19% to $569 million. Free cash flow is operating cash flow minus capital expenditures.As a reminder, the financial measure we are working to maximize over the long-term is free cash flow per share. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 438 million shares compared with 434 million shares,
Amazon.com Inc	posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: Thanks, Kim. This was another successful quarter for Amazon.com. I will start with comments on our financial results.Trailing 12-month free cash flow grew 21% to $501 million. Free cash flow is operating cash flow minus capital expenditures. Trailing 12-month free cash flow includes a onetime payment of $40 million in connection with the patent lawsuit settlement in Q3 '05 and excludes $13 million of tax benefits from stock-based compensation that are classified as positive financing cash flows under FAS 123R. Adjusting for these two items, TTM free cash flow grew 32% to $554 million.As a reminder, the financial measure we're working to maximize over the long-term is free cash flow per share. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 438 million shares compared with 434 million, up 1%. Stock-based awards outstanding were 21 million or 4.9% of shares outstanding, down from 24 million
Amazon.com Inc	financial measures. In our press release, slides 2 accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Kim. I will begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow declined 23% to $375 million. Free cash flow is operating cash flow minus capital expenditures. The primary driver of the free cash flow decline was our increased expenditure in technology and content.Free cash flow was also reduced by a $40 million patent litigation settlement in third quarter 2005, $34 million from excess tax benefits for stock-based compensation now classified as financing cash flows, and investments in additional fulfillment capacity. The termination of our contract with Toysrus.com and related fee disputes had a negative impact on trailing 12-month free cash flow of $20 million. We're working to maximize free cash flow per share over the long term.The combination of common
Amazon.com Inc	IR website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: Thanks, Kim. I will begin with comments on our financial results. The trailing 12-month free cash flow declined 23% to $366 million, driven primarily by our increased expenditure in technology and content. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 435 million shares compared with 438 million, down 1%.During the quarter we repurchased eight million shares or $252 million under our previously announced authorization to repurchase up to $500 million of the Company's common stock.Return on invested capital is 23%. ROIC is (indiscernible) free cash flow divided by average total assets minus average current liabilities. Revenue grew 24% to $2.3 billion or 23%, excluding the $20 million favorable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates. In Q3 2005, worldwide revenue benefited by 260 basis points of year-over-year growth from &quot;Harry Potter 6&quot;, plus preorder attachments. Excluding &quot;Harry Potter 6&quot; plus preorder attachments and changes in FX, revenue
Amazon.com Inc	website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2004.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: Thanks, Tim. This was another successful quarter for Amazon.com. I will start with comments on our financial results. Our ultimate financial measure and the one we most want to optimize over the long-term is free cash flow per share. Trailing 12 months or TTM free cash flow grew 37% to $486 million driven by improvements in operating profit. As a reminder, free cash flow is operating cash flow minus capital expenditures.Free cash flow excludes stock-based compensation and includes cash taxes paid, which is well below our booked tax provision due to our NOLs. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 438 million shares compared with 434 million, a 1% increase. Stock-based awards outstanding were 26 million or 6.3% of shares outstanding, down from 27 million or 6.7% of shares outstanding. We strive to efficiently manage share count to create more cash flow per share and long-term value for owners.Return
Amazon.com Inc	is posted on our website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliation to these measures of comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against the results for the comparable period of 2004.Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Tim. This was another successful quarter for Amazon.com. I'll start with comments on our financial results. The financial measure we're working to maximize over the long term is free cash flow per share. Trailing 12 months free cash flow grew 13% to $475 million. As announced in August 2005, we settled a patent lawsuit on terms including a previously unanticipated payment of $40 million in Q3 2005. Q3 2005 trailing 12 months free cash flow would have grown 22% to $515 million excluding this payment. Free cash flow is operating cash flow minus capital expenditures. Free cash excludes stock-based compensation and includes cash taxes paid, which is well below our booked tax provision due to our NOLs.The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 438 million shares, compared with 434 million, up 1%. Stock-based awards outstanding were 24 million or 5.8% of shares outstanding,
Amazon.com Inc	views as of today, October 21, 2010 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During the call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period in 2009.Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP AND CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month operating cash flow increased 16% to $2.62 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow decreased 5% to $1.83 billion. Return on invested capital was 28%, down from
Amazon.com Inc	additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2003. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM: This was another solid quarter for Amazon.com as we continued to improve our worldwide customer experience through broad product selections, low prices and shopping convenience. Let me start with a few comments on our financial and operating results.Free cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis grew 76 percent to $420 million, driven by organic growth in revenues and operating profit, and improvements in our operating cycle. The combination of common stock and stock based awards outstanding was 434 million shares, essentially flat with a year ago.On the income statement revenue grew 29 percent, gross profit grew 24 percent, while gross margin decreased 87 basis points. Consolidated segment operating profit grew 29 percent. Operating margin was flat, and pro forma net income grew 52 percent.Revenue grew 29 percent to $1.46 billion or 24 percent after the $57 million favorable year-over-year impact from foreign exchange. Unit growth was 30 percent. Consolidated segment operating expenses, which
Amazon.com Inc	will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against results for the comparable period of 2003.Before Tom reviews the results, let me now turn the call over to Jeff.JEFF BEZOS, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Tim. During the 2000 and 2001 holiday seasons, Amazon.com tested free shipping on our U.S. website with orders over $99 qualifying for free shipping. 6 months later, in June of 2002 we tested a lower minimum order of $49. 2 months after that we tested a lower threshold of $25, and in January of 2003 we announced our discussion to make free Super Saver Shipping on orders of over $25, a full time year-round offer. We plan to keep free Super Saver Shipping in place indefinitely and each of our international sites now offers free shipping.We knew our customers would benefit from free shipping, but we tested it carefully because we also knew it
Amazon.com Inc	on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliation to these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2004.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP & CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Tim. This was another successful quarter for Amazon.com. I will start with comments on our financial results. Our ultimate financial measure and the one we most want to drive over the long-term is free cash flow per share. Trailing 12 months or TTM free cash flow grew 21% to $417 million driven by improvements in operating profit. As a reminder, free cash flow excludes stock-based compensation and includes cash taxes paid which is well below our booked tax provision due to our tax NOL.A combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 434 million shares compared with 432 million shares. Stock-based awards outstanding were 24 million or 5.7% of shares outstanding, down from 27 million or 6.8% of shares outstanding. We strive to efficiently manage share count to create more cash flow per share and long-term value for owners.Return on invested capital
Amazon.com Inc	be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect Management's views as of today, July 26, 2011, only; and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's Conference Call, we encourage you to have our Press Release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website. You will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2010.Now, we'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP AND CFO, AMAZON.COM INC: Thanks, John. I'll begin with comments on our second quarter financial results. Trailing 12-month operating cash flow
Amazon.com Inc	Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 26, 2012, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with our comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP AND CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Sean. I'll begin with
Amazon.com Inc	prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 26, 2012, only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2011. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Sean.I'll begin with comments on our second quarter financial results. Trailing 12 month operating cash flow was $3.22 billion, compared with $3.21 billion.
Amazon.com Inc	factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2008. Now I will turn the call over Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin with comments on our fourth-quarter financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow grew 114% to $2.92 billion. Return on invested capital was 66%, up from 41%. ROIC is TT and free cash flow divided by average total assets minus current liabilities, excluding the current portion of long-term debt over five quarter-ends.The combination of
Amazon.com Inc	today, April 22, 2010 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about the factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2009. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP & CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Rob. I will begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow grew 62% to $2.32 billion. Return on invested capital is 45%, up from 41%. ROIC is TT and free cash flow
Amazon.com Inc	today, April 22, 2010 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about the factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2009. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP & CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Rob. I will begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow grew 62% to $2.32 billion. Return on invested capital is 45%, up from 41%. ROIC is TT and free cash flow
Amazon.com Inc	responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 22, 2010, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about the factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons on this call will be against our results for a comparable period of 2009. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP AND CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin with comments on our financial results.Trailing 12-month free cash flow grew 29% to $1.99 billion. Return on invested capital was 34%, down from
Amazon.com Inc	2011 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website. You will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures to comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2009.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Rob. I will begin with comments on our fourth-quarter financial results. Trailing 12 month operating cash flow increased 6% to $3.5 billion. Trailing 12 month free cash flow decreased 14% to $2.52 billion. Return on invested capital was 34%, down from 66%.ROIC is
Amazon.com Inc	welcome to our Q1 2011 financial results conference call. Joining us today are Tom Szkutak, our CFO, and Rob Eldridge, our VP of Investor Relations. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 26, 2011 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2010.Now I'll turn the
Amazon.com Inc	your questions reflect management's views as of today, January 29, 2013, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website.You will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations to these measures, with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2011. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM INC: Thanks, Sean. I'll begin with comments on our fourth quarter financial results. Trailing 12-month operating cash flow increased 7% to $4.18 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow decreased 81% to $395 million.
Amazon.com Inc	CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 25, 2013 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call we encourage you to have our press release in front of you which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website. You will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2012. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP & CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Sean. I will begin with comments on our first-quarter financial results. Trailing
Amazon.com Inc	to your questions reflect management's views as of today October 22, 2008 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filing with the SEC including our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures and our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website. You'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2007. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks Rob. I will begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased 21% to $970 million. The combination of common stock and stock based awards outstanding was
Amazon.com Inc	AMAZON.COM, INC.: Hello, and welcome to our Q2 2009 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. As Jeff is traveling today, Tom and I will be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 23, 2009 only, will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During the call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results from the comparable period of 2008. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK,
Amazon.com Inc	conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, October 22, 2009 only, will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about the factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During the call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including a reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2008. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: I will begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow grew 98%
Amazon.com Inc	materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and in our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2010. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, John. I'll begin with comments on our third-quarter financial results.Trailing 12-month operating cash flow increased 19% to $3.11 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow decreased 17% to $1.53 billion. Return on invested capital was 17%, down from 28%. Return on invested capital was TTM free cash flow, divided by average
Amazon.com Inc	about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-Q.As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding non-GAAP measures, including reconciliation of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2010.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP AND CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Sean. I will begin with comments on our fourth-quarter financial results. Trailing 12-month operating cash flow increased 12% to $3.9 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow decreased 17% to $2.09 billion. Return on invested capital is 22%, down from 34%. Return on investment capital is TTM-free cash flow divided by average total assets minus
Amazon.com Inc	reflect Management's views as of today, October 25, 2012 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measure including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Sean. I'll begin with comments on our third-quarter financial results. Trailing 12-month operating cash flow increased 8% to $3.37 billion. Trailing 12-month free cash flow decreased 31% to $1.06 billion. Return on
Amazon.com Inc	which is posted on our IR website. You'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: This was another successful year for Amazon.com. Let me start by reviewing 2007 financial results. Free cash flow grew 143% to $1.18 billion. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 435 million shares, compared with 436 million shares. Return on invested capital was 55%, up from 28%. ROIC is TTM free cash flow divided by average total assets, minus current liabilities, over five quarter ends.Revenue grew 39% to $14.84 billion, or 35% excluding the $399 million favorable impact from the year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates. This was our fastest annual growth rate since 2000.North America revenue grew 38% to $8.1 billion, and international grew 39% to $6.74 billion, 31% year-over-year, excluding the year-over-year changes in FX. Additionally, EGM revenues surpassed $3 billion in North America and $2 billion in international for the first time.Consolidated segment operating income, or CSOI, grew
Amazon.com Inc	is posted on our IR website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconsiderations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2007. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: I will begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing twelve-month free cash flow increased 51% to $788 million. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 435 million shares compared with 430 million.Return on invested capital was 32%, up from 30%. Worldwide revenue grew 37% to $4.13 billion, or 31% excluding the $185 million of favorable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates.Media revenue increased to $2.54 billion, up 28%, or 21% excluding FX. EGM revenue increased to $1.48 billion, up 56%, or 50% excluding FX. Worldwide EGM increased to 36% of worldwide sales up from 31%.Worldwide unit growth was 31%. Active customer accounts exceeded 79 million, up 19%. Worldwide active seller accounts were more than 1.3 million, up 17%. Seller units were 30% of total units versus 29%. Worldwide gross profit was $956 million, up 33%.Now we will discuss operating
Amazon.com Inc	be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflects management's views as of today, April 23, 2008 only. It will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially.Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconsiderations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2007. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: I will begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing twelve-month free cash flow increased 51% to $788 million. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards
Amazon.com Inc	Jeff Bezos, our Founder and CEO, and Tom will both be available for Q&A.The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 23, 2008 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our 2007 annual report on Form 10-K.As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC -- each of which is posted on our Investor Relations website -- you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2007.Now with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin with comments on our financial results.
Amazon.com Inc	discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC -- each of which is posted on our Investor Relations website -- you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2007.Now with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Rob. I'll begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased 16% to $816 million. The combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was 446 million shares compared with 435 million.Return on invested capital was 29%, down from 39%. Worldwide revenue grew 41% to $4.06 billion or 35%, excluding the $182 million favorable impact from year-over-year changes in FX. Media revenue increased to $2.41 billion, up 31% or 25%, excluding foreign exchange. EGM revenue increased to $1.53 billion, up 58% or 52%, excluding foreign exchange rates.Worldwide EGM increased to 38% of worldwide sales, up from 34%. Worldwide unit growth was 32%. Active customer accounts exceeded 81 million, up 18%. Worldwide active seller
Amazon.com Inc	as of today, October 24, 2013, only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as our metrics and commentary on the quarter.During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website. You'll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2012. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Sean. I will begin with comments on our third-quarter financial results. Trailing 12 month operating cash flow increased 48% to $4.98 billion. Trailing 12 month free cash flow decreased 63% to $388 million. Trailing
Amazon.com Inc	of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005.Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Kim. We demonstrated significant sequential improvement in operating leverage, achieving 4% positive leverage in Q4 from -11% in Q3. Operating leverage is the change in consolidated segment operating income relative to the change in sales.We increased Q4 the CSOI by 24% year over year, as we grew gross profit by $183 million but operating costs by only $139 million. This marks a substantial improvement in leverage versus the other three quarters of 2006, as we lapped the higher spending in technology and content and gross profit dollars grew faster than operating expenses, driven by accelerated revenue growth.In 2006, free cash flow decreased 8% to $486 million, largely reflective of our negative operating leverage during the first three quarters of the year. Sequentially, trailing 12 month free cash flow increased $119 million compared with Q3, an improvement of 33%.Worldwide revenue grew 34%
Amazon.com Inc	In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006.Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Kim. I'll begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased 4% to $521 million (technical difficulty) of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding decreased 2% to $430 million. Worldwide revenue grew 32% to $3.02 billion or 29% excluding the $84 million favorable impact from foreign exchange rates. Media revenue increased to $1.99 billion, up 26% or 23% excluding FX. This is the highest growth rate for Worldwide Media in three years.EGM revenue increased to $947 million, up 48% or 44% excluding FX. EGM continued to increase it share of our Worldwide (technical difficulty) representing 31% of sales in Q1 2007, up from 28% for the same period last year.Our worldwide unit growth was 23%, and active customer accounts exceeded $66 million, up
Amazon.com Inc	our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Kim. I'll begin with comments on our financial results.Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased 87% to $700 million, while the combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding decreased 2% to $435 million. Worldwide revenue grew 35% to $2.89 billion, or 33% excluding the $46 million favorable impact from foreign exchange rates. Media revenue increased to $1.83 billion, up 27% or 25% excluding foreign exchange rates.EGM revenue increased to $970 million, up 55% or 53% excluding FX. EGM continued to increase its share of our worldwide sales mix, representing 34% of sales in Q2 of 2007, up from 29% for the same period last year.Our worldwide unit growth was 25%, and active customer accounts exceeded 69 million, up 16% year over year. Worldwide gross profit was
Amazon.com Inc	our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006.Now I will turn the call over to Tom.TOM SZKUTAK, SVP, CFO, AMAZON.COM, INC.: Thanks, Kim. I'll begin with comments on our financial results. Trailing 12-month free cash flow increased 118% to $800 million, while the combination of common stock and stock-based awards outstanding was unchanged from a year ago at $435 million. Worldwide revenue grew 41% to $3.26 billion, or 38% excluding the $75 million favorable impact from foreign exchange.Q3 2007 revenue benefited by approximately 290 basis points of year-over-year growth from Harry Potter VII sales plus attachments. Media revenue increased to $2.09 billion, up 36% or 32% excluding FX. EGM revenue increased to $1.08 billion, up 54% or 51% excluding FX. EGM accounted for 33% of worldwide sales in Q3 2007, up from 30% for the same period last year.Our worldwide unit growth was 32%, and active customer accounts exceeded
American Express Co	with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In the fourth quarter 2003 earnings release and supplement which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the managed basis financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information as well as AEFA's GAAP and net revenues. And explains why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q & A period. Up until then, no one has actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q & A. With that, let
American Express Co	on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A. With that, let me turn the discussion over to Gary.GARY CRITTENDEN: Welcome and thanks for joining with us today. As you have already seen, our first-quarter diluted EPS before the accounting change of $.66 increased 25 percent versus $0.53 last year. First-quarter diluted EPS after the accounting change was $0.61 and it increased by 15 percent. As previously disclosed, we adopted the American Institute of Certified Public Accountant's statement of position 03-1 effective January 1st. This accounting change entails the establishment of reserves to cover the anticipated future cost of death benefits and other guarantees offered as part of certain insurance and annuity contracts. Previously, these costs were expensed as incurred. The impact of adopting this rule change was a below-the-line non-cash charge of $109 million pretax or $71 million after-tax, or $0.05 per diluted share.We entered 2004 with excellent business momentum. The first quarter reflected a strengthening of that momentum, validating the benefits of the higher business building expenditures over the last year, in addition to demonstrating the success of our efforts to create a more flexible business model, and a better
American Express Co	to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Ron Stovall, please go ahead.RON STOVALL, SVP, IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Carey, and thank you everyone. We appreciate you joining us for today's discussion.It is my job as usual to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, included in the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2007 10-K report, already on file with the Securities & Exchange Commission. In the fourth quarter 2008 earnings release supplement and presentation slides, which are now posted on our website at IR.American Express.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report.We have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis, and other non-GAAP financial measures, and the comparable
American Express Co	Thank you, Dave, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it's my responsibility to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2008 10-K report, already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the first quarter 2009 earnings release and earnings supplement on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our Website at ir.americanexpress.com.We have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information. And we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to
American Express Co	to risks and uncertainties, and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement, which were filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2012 10-K and Q1 2013 10-Q already on file with the SEC.The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in the second-quarter 2013 earnings release, earnings supplement and presentation slides, as well as the earnings materials for prior periods that may be discussed, all of which are posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will begin with Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings, through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed, and provide some brief summary comments. Before I turn the discussion over to Dan,
American Express Co	in the Company's 2004 10-K report, already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the fourth-quarter 2005 earnings release supplement, which is now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in and 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's pro forma return on equity to be discussed today with our consolidated return on equity, as well as the U.S. card services segment's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information. And we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one has actually registered to ask questions.While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you
American Express Co	reconciles the Company's pro forma return on equity as we discussed today with our consolidated return on equity, as well as the US Card Services segment managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information. And we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information with conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks, highlighting the key points related to today's announcements. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q and A.With that, let me turn the discussion over to Gary.GARY CRITTENDEN, CFO, EVP, AMERICAN EXPRESS: Welcome and thank you all for joining today. As you have seen in the earnings documents distributed earlier today,
American Express Co	on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's pro forma return on equity to be discussed today with our consolidated return on equity, as well as the U.S. card services segment's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information. And we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussions.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one has actually registered to ask questions.While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A.With that, let me turn the discussion over to Gary.GARY CRITTENDEN, EVP AND CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you, Ron, and
American Express Co	8-K report, and in the Company's 2005 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the third quarter 2006 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com, and on file with the SEC in a 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's U.S. Card Services segment, the managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask questions.While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A.With that, let
American Express Co	the second-quarter 2004 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the American SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the managed basis financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information, as well as AEFA's GAAP and net revenues, and explains why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question at a time during the Q&A.With that, let me turn the discussion over to Gary.GARY CRITTENDEN, EVP, CFO, AMERICAN
American Express Co	2005 earnings release supplement which is now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report we have provided information that compares and reconciles TRS's managed basis financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information and explains why this presentation is useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks we will turn to the moderator who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then no one has actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A.With that, let me turn the discussion over to Gary.GARY CRITTENDEN, EVP & CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thank you Ron. Welcome to you all and thanks
American Express Co	an 8-K report and in the Company's 2004 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;In the third-quarter 2005 earnings release supplement, which is now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's pro forma return on equity to be discussed today with our consolidated return on equity, as well as the U.S. card services segments, managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's call.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks, highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one has actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this,
American Express Co	welcome. We appreciate all of you for joining us today in the call.As usual, it's my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2009 10-K report and 2010 first- and second-quarter 10-Q reports, all already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in the third-quarter 2010 earnings release and earnings supplement, as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com.We have provided information that describes certain non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will be structured differently than recent calls. We will begin with
American Express Co	an 8-K report and in the Company's 2003 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the third quarter 2004 earnings release and supplement which are now posted on our Web site at ir.americanexpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the managed basis, financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information as well as AEFA's GAAP and net revenues and explains why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge to you review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks we will turn to the moderator who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then no one has actually registered to ask questions.While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time, and based on this we ask that you limit yourself to one
American Express Co	including the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2003 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the fourth quarter 2004 earnings release supplement, which is now posted on our Web site at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the managed basis financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information as well as AEFA's GAAP and net revenues and explains why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one has actually registered to ask questions.While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do
American Express Co	report, and in the Company's 2004 10-K report, already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the first-quarter 2005 earnings release supplement, which is now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles TRS's managed-basis financial measures to be discussed today with the TRS GAAP financial information, and explains why this presentation is useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's call.Gary Crittenden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one has actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A.With that, let me turn the discussion over
American Express Co	likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement, which were filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2010 10-K report, already on file with the SEC.In the first quarter 2012 earnings release and earnings supplement, as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at IR.Americanexpress.com, we have provided information that describes certain non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will begin with Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed, and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will move to Q&A. With that, let me turn the discussion over to Dan.DAN HENRY, EVP & CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS CO: Thanks, Rick. I will start on slide 2. Revenue net of interest expense for the
American Express Co	words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement which were filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2011 10-K and Q1 2012 10-Q report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the second quarter 2012 earnings release and earnings supplement as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at IR. AmericanExpress.com, we have provided information that describes certain non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will begin with Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will move to Q&A. With that, let me turn the discussion over to Dan.DAN
American Express Co	COMPANY: Thank you, Gloria, and thanks to all of you for joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it's my responsibility to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2008 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in the fourth quarter 2009 earnings release and earnings supplement on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com.We have provided information that describes the Company's managed spaces and other non-GAAP financial measures, and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief
American Express Co	certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2009 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the first-quarter 2010 earnings release and earnings supplement on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com, we have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan
American Express Co	prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2009 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the second quarter 2010 earnings release and earnings supplement on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com, we have provided information that describes certain non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company, and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who
American Express Co	AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay. Thanks, Anne, and welcome to everybody. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion.As usual, it's my honor to present to you some legal information, and that is that the discussions today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2009 10-K report and 2010 first, second and third-quarter 10-Q reports already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the fourth-quarter 2010 earnings release and earnings supplement as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com, we have provided information that describes certain non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with
American Express Co	of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.RON STOVALL, SVP OF IR, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay, thank you, Dave, and welcome to everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us for today's discussion. As usual, it's my role to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today.The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed on an 8-K Report and in the Company's 2010 10-K Reports already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the first-quarter 2011 earnings release and earnings supplement as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com, we have provided information that describes certain non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's
American Express Co	optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement, which were filed in an 8-K Report and in the Company's 2012 10-K already on file with the SEC.The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in the first-quarter 2013 earnings release, earnings supplement, and presentation slides, as well as the earnings materials for prior periods that may be discussed, all of which are posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will begin with Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed, and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will move to Q&A.With that, let me turn the discussion over to Dan.DAN HENRY, EVP AND CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay. Thanks, Rick. So
American Express Co	slight delay; we had a couple of issues with our conference provider through the Web.It is my job to remind you that the discussion today contains certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2007 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the third quarter 2008 earnings release, supplement and presentation slides, which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Ken Chenault,
American Express Co	earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2007 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the third quarter 2008 earnings release, supplement and presentation slides, which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Ken Chenault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of American Express, will provide some brief opening comments. Then, Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with earnings documents and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period, where both Ken and Dan will be available to respond to your questions. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask questions.
American Express Co	optimistic, intend, claim, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2008 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in the second quarter 2009 earnings release and earnings supplement on file with the SEC in an 8-K report as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com.We have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included within the earnings documents, and provide some brief summary of comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period, where Dan will be available
American Express Co	joining us for today's discussion. As usual, it is my responsibility to remind you that the discussions today contain certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today.The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2008 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in the third-quarter 2009 earnings release and earnings supplement on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com.We have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review some key points related to the quarter's
American Express Co	only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2010 10-K report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the second quarter 2011 earnings release and earnings supplement as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com, we have provided information that describes certain non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will begin with Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed, and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, he will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for
American Express Co	risks and uncertainties, and speak only as of today.The words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K Report and in the Company's 2010 10-K Report, already on file with the SEC.In a third-quarter 2011 earnings release and earnings supplement, as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now listed on our website at ir.americanexpress.com, we have provided information that describes certain non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company and the comparable GAAP information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will begin with Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings, through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed, and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will open the line for Q&A.With that, let me turn the discussion over to Dan.DAN HENRY, EVP AND
American Express Co	expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements including the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement which were filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2010 10-K report, already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the fourth quarter 2011 earnings release and earnings supplement as well as the presentation slides, all of which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com, we have provided information that describes certain non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company and the comparable GAAP financial information. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will begin with Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed, and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will move to Q&A.With that, let me turn the discussion over to Dan.DAN HENRY, EVP AND CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay. Thanks, Rick.
American Express Co	believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release and earnings supplement, which were filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2011 10-K and Q1 and Q2 2012 10-Q reports already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in the third-quarter 2012 earnings release, earning supplement, and presentation slides, as well as the earnings materials for prior periods that may be discussed, all of which are posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will begin with Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed, and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will move to Q&A.With that, let me turn
American Express Co	posted on our website, at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report we have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then no one is actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A. With that, let me turn the discussion over to Dan.DAN HENRY, EVP, CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thanks everyone for joining the call today. As usual, my remarks today will mostly focus on the
American Express Co	in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2007 10-Q report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the first-quarter 2008 earnings release and supplement which are now posted on our Web site at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information. We explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one has actually registered to ask questions.While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A.With that, let me
American Express Co	certain forward-looking statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identifying forward looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements included in the Company's financial and other goals are set forth within today's earnings press release which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2007 10-Q report already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the first-quarter 2008 earnings release and supplement which are now posted on our Web site at IR.AmericanExpress.com, and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that describes the Company's managed basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information. We explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes
American Express Co	statements about the Company's future financial performance and business prospects which are subject to risks and uncertainties that speak only as of today. The words believe, expect, anticipate, optimistic, intend, plan, aim, will, should, could, likely and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, including the Company's financial and other goals, are set forth within today's earnings press release, which was filed in an 8-K report and in the Company's 2007 10-K reports already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the second-quarter 2008 earnings release supplement and presentation slides, which are now posted on our website at ir.AmericanExpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that describes the Company's managed, basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Ken Chenault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of American Express, will provide some brief opening comments addressing today's announcement and the current environment. Then Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief
American Express Co	slides, which are now posted on our website at ir.AmericanExpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that describes the Company's managed, basis and other non-GAAP financial measures and the comparable GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Ken Chenault, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of American Express, will provide some brief opening comments addressing today's announcement and the current environment. Then Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review the key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides provided and then conclude with summary remarks. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period where both Ken and Dan will be available to respond to your questions. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask questions.While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask
American Express Co	in an 8-K report, and in the Company's 2011 10-K and Q1, Q2, and Q3 2012 Form 10-Q reports already on file with the SEC.The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in the fourth-quarter 2012 earnings release, earning supplement, and presentation slides, as well as the earnings materials for the prior period that may be discussed, all of which are posted on our website at IR. AmericanExpress.com. We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Today's discussion will begin with Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed and provide some brief summary comments. Once Dan completes his remarks, we will move to Q&A.With that, let me turn the discussion over to Dan.DAN HENRY, EVP, CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Okay, thanks, Rick, and I'll start on slide two.So this is the fourth-quarter summary of financial performance. So revenues came in at $8.1 billion, up 5% both on a reported and FX basis. If you exclude the $93 million of cardmember reimbursements that are contra-revenues,
American Express Co	SEC. The discussion today also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Information relating to comparable GAAP financial measures may be found in the third-quarter 2013 earnings release, earnings supplement, and presentation slides, as well as the earnings materials for prior periods that may be discussed, all of which are posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com.We encourage you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion. Today's discussion will begin with Jeff Campbell, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review some key points related to the quarter's earnings through the series of slides included with the earnings documents distributed, and provide some brief summary comments. Once Jeff completes his remarks, we will move to a Q&A session. With that, let me turn it over to Jeff.JEFF CAMPBELL, EVP AND CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Well, thanks, Rick. And good afternoon, everyone. I'm excited to be here on my first quarterly earnings call with American Express since joining the Company on July 15th and listening, as Dan Henry managed the Q2 earnings call later that week. I'm also excited to have my first earnings call be one where we have such solid results to discuss. Our performance during the quarter produced strong
American Express Co	2006 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at IR.AmericanExpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information. And we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Gary Crittenden, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks, highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then no one is actually registered to ask questions.While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A.But before we begin, I would like to address an important future change to our earnings announcement process. Starting with the first quarter 2007 earnings announcement, we will
American Express Co	with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the first-quarter 2007 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Acting Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key point related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A.Before Dan begins, I would like to acknowledge the change in the timing of our earnings announcement as of
American Express Co	the Company's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and acting Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points related to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A.With that, let me turn the discussion over to Dan.DAN HENRY, EVP AND ACTING CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thanks, Ron, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. I'm very pleased to address the results for this quarter. As Ron mentioned, and consistent with our usual process, I will make introductory remarks, and then we will open the lines
American Express Co	already on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.In the third-quarter 2007 earnings release and supplement, which are now posted on our website at ir.americanexpress.com and on file with the SEC in an 8-K report, we have provided information that compares and reconciles the Company's managed basis financial measures with the GAAP financial information, and we explain why these presentations are useful to management and to investors. We urge you to review that information in conjunction with today's discussion.Dan Henry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Express, will provide some introductory remarks highlighting the key points relating to today's announcement. Once he completes his remarks, we will turn to the moderator, who will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A period. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask questions. While we will attempt to respond to as many of your questions as possible before we end the call, we do have a limited amount of time. Based on this, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time during the Q&A.With that, let me turn the discussion over to Dan.DAN HENRY, EVP, CFO, AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY: Thanks,
AstraZeneca PLC	to update forward-looking statements.We will now be joined to the auditorium ready for the start of the conference.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA: Great. Well, good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our AstraZeneca's full-year results presentation for 2008. So a pleasure to be here with you, and thank you all for coming, and welcome to those that are online with us.After my opening remarks, you will be hearing from Simon Lowth, our Chief Financial Officer. Simon will take you through in some detail a very thorough review of the financial performance of the business in 2008. And then John Patterson, Executive Director for Development will review our R&D pipeline. I think following that there should be plenty of time for questions. We have a few other members of our executive team here as well who should be able to help with the questions that might come up.Against the backdrop of virtually unprecedented global economic distress and financial market volatility, AstraZeneca has delivered a robust financial performance in 2008. That performance is strong testimony to the determined execution of our business plan by people at every level of the Company. These strong results are underpinned by the underlying organizational and financial strength of the
AstraZeneca PLC	team.As you know, today is a busy day for reporting in the sector. It's also our AGM. So with that in mind, we do have a hard stop today just before two o'clock UK time.And before I hand over to Simon I would like to read the usual Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to use the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca, and by their nature forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Simon Lowth. Simon?SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thanks, Jonathan, and good afternoon to everyone. I'm pleased to be able to present a good set of first-quarter results for AstraZeneca, particularly given the tough economic conditions. Our performance is the result of excellent execution, driving growth in key product franchises and in all regions, including continued growth in our emerging markets as well as continuing to progress the reshaping of
AstraZeneca PLC	on a CER basis, a $500 million decline coming from loss of exclusivity, which is very much in line with our expectations.Despite this, we saw good a double-digit increase from our four key growth platforms -- our five growth platforms, sorry, which provided in aggregate more than $400 million of incremental revenue in CER terms.I would also highlight our growing late-stage pipeline with two NDA submissions, one Phase III start and more to come later this year, and importantly, three late-stage projects that have been added to our pipeline via business development.The headlines, from a sales and profit viewpoint, as you can see here our revenue was down for the quarter by 4% in constant currency terms to $6.2 billion. Our core operating profit was down 10% as we continue to invest behind our growth platforms and our pipeline.Our core EPS was down 21% at CER, with the main driver beyond the operating profit line, a higher tax rate in the quarter compared to last year where we had a $0.19 per share benefit from tax settlements. And after the usual core adjusting items, reported EPS was $0.66 per share.Importantly, we see that if we look at the evolution of
AstraZeneca PLC	the target that we set at the beginning of last year. Operating profit was up 39% in constant currency. Earnings per share, at $2.91, were up 41% in constant currency before exceptional items.The Board has recommended in the second interim dividend an increase, bringing the full-year dividend to $1.30, up 38% over last year.Our business generated $6b in free cash flow, cash that is being used to grow our business and to add to shareholder value. In 2005, $4.7b was returned to shareholders by way of dividends and share repurchases.Looking at sales by region, you can see a strong performance across the board. Sales in North America were up 11% on a strong U.S. performance. Europe and Japan were up 8%. The 15% growth in the rest of the world includes strong growth in emerging markets, such as China. 53% of sales now come from outside the U.S. in our business, and by the end of the decade that could be approaching 60% as these emerging markets continue to develop.Our portfolio of currently marketed products has significant momentum to carry us forward, and they drove 2005 results to levels which exceeded our initial expectations for the year.Just five years ago,
AstraZeneca PLC	usual first quarter agenda. That is, some brief introductory remarks on the headline figures, some of the key product highlights, some additional commentary on the P&L and then finish with some comments on why we've increased our financial targets for the year. We'll leave ample time for your questions.Before I turn to the results, a brief word on today's other announcement. You'll have seen that earlier this morning we've announced an agreement with Abraxis BioScience to co-promote their cancer therapy product, ABRAXANE in the U.S. In addition to the co-promotion agreement, we also announced the divestment of our U.S. anesthetic and analgesic products to Abraxis. The ABRAXANE co-promotion gives us access to the U.S. chemotherapy markets and complements our U.S. oncology portfolio. It's further demonstration of our pursuit of attractive external opportunities designed to strengthen our business. The financial terms are in the announcement, and the impact of the agreement is anticipated to be broadly neutral to earnings in the first 12 months and accretive thereafter.Drawn to the headline results for what was another strong quarterly sales and earnings performance. Sales increased by 12% in currency to nearly $6.2 billion. Currency movements had a 4% adverse impact, bringing the reported
AstraZeneca PLC	currency basis. Operating profit at over $2.1 billion was up 30% in constant currency. The operating profit included a $109 million gain on the divestment of the U.S. anesthetics and analgesics products to Abraxis Bioscience. This is a result of the agreement announced in April and closed in June. If we exclude that one-off gain, operating profit was still up a very healthy 23% over last year. And earnings per share were $1.02 versus $0.75 last year. That's constant currency growth of 41%. The divestment gain contributed around $0.05 to EPS in the quarter.Now, looking at the half year, sales were $12.8 billion, constant currency growth of 11%. Operating profit growth was 31%. Excluding the divestment gain, operating profit was up 28%. And earnings per share at $1.92 were up 41% at constant exchange rates. The board has recommended a 29% increase in the first interim dividend to $0.49 per share, and we repurchased $1.6 billion in shares during the first half of 2006 compared to around $1.2 billion in the first half last year.Five key products - Nexium, Seroquel, Crestor, Arimidex, and Symbicort - continue to be the engines for our double-digit top line growth in the first half.
AstraZeneca PLC	results. John.&nbsp;DR. JOHN PATTERSON, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF DEVELOPMENT, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you Jonathan. Good afternoon or good morning. As you know development of drugs in the field of stroke is a very high risk endeavor and as we've said to you on a number of occasions previously we regard this development of NXY-059 as being in that category. So the results this morning shouldn't have been a total surprise to you although they are a disappointment to stroke patients and, of course, to ourselves. We're comfortable, however, to say that the SAINT II study was a very well designed and run study, that it had high power and that there was little or no chance of there being a false negative result from the study. What SAINT II has shown us is that there are no positive results either for the primary or secondary endpoints or for any of the sub-groups. And therefore we are left in the situation where we have decided that we will terminate development of NXY at this point and will be handing it back to our partners, Renovis.I'm satisfied that we gave, in what is a very difficult area of stroke treatment, every opportunity for
AstraZeneca PLC	today's other announcement. As I'm sure you know, this morning the Board announced that David Brennan would succeed me at the end of the year.Career development and succession planning are taken very seriously in AstraZeneca. And over recent years the Board has been carefully preparing for the change, first of all of our Chairman and then the CEO. AstraZeneca has an extremely talented Executive team who work really well together. I'm delighted that after a rigorous process the Board has selected one of the team, David, to take the Company forward to what I'm sure will be a prosperous future. I will be responsible for delivering this year's targets, but I'm looking forward to working closely with David and all my colleagues to ensure a smooth transition.Now back to the results, and after a brief summary I'll hand over to David to take you through some of the product filing. Then Jon Symonds will look in more detail at the financial performance, in particular the key factors underlying these excellent results, and also explain the thinking behind our increased earnings guidance for the year. Finally, John Patterson will take you through the development portfolio, now that he has concluded a
AstraZeneca PLC	to Simon, I'd like to read the safe harbor statement. The Company intends to use the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their nature forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.With that, now I'll turn over to Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Well thank you, Jonathan, and good afternoon to everyone. On today's call I'm going to focus on five topics. First, the headline numbers for the third quarter and the nine months, then I'll cover the third quarter revenue performance by region and by our key brands. Third, I'll turn to the third quarter core operating performance with an emphasis on the key drivers of operating profit and margin. I'll briefly touch on cash performance and our steadily improving net cash position. And finally, I'll close with our thoughts on guidance for the full year.So on to the headlines. As you will have seen in this morning's release,
AstraZeneca PLC	the third quarter; key product highlights - and since we had a thorough review of the performance of many of our key brands earlier this month at our annual business review, I'll make those brief; trends in costs, margins and currency; the outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year; and finally, our timetable for releasing restated financials under International Accounting Standards.And then we'll turn the balance of the call over to questions and answers.So first the headlines.Sales for the third quarter were $5.3b, up 7% in constant currency with exchange benefits adding another 3 points, to give 10% reported growth.Operating profit was up 16% in CER terms, that's up 15% in reported terms with exchange being marginally negative.Earnings per share before exceptional items of 55 cents were up 17% in reported terms and 19% in constant exchange rate terms.In addition, in the quarter there were 2 exceptional gains, totaling 17 cents per share. A net gain of $219m on the disposal of our share of the Advanta joint venture, and a tax credit of $58m related to a portion of the Zoladex settlement in 2002.Although it was not treated as an exceptional item, we've taken an $80m provision,
AstraZeneca PLC	and the implications on future performance a bit later.Strong sales performances were seen across the whole portfolio with mid to high teens growth from our cardiovascular, oncology and neuroscience products and with respiratory up 8%. In GI, sales were down 4%. But that figure masked the 15% growth in Nexium to $3.9 billion. Very good, but not quite enough to make up for the 50% decline in Losec.The growth portfolio once again drove the top line summing in another outstanding performance with sales reaching 11.2 billion, up 30%. And these products now comprise 52% of total company sales compared with 44% a year ago.But financial results alone don't provide a fair assessment of the year.Shareholders in AstraZeneca had a tough year with the share price declining 50%, in part due through a sector derating, but also in response to the disappointments with Exanta and Iressa. And the difficult market conditions for Crestor.Within the company we are determined to arrest this decline, rebuild confidence and restore shareholder value. Let's look at what happened in 2004 in a bit more detail.Here are the priorities I set out last year. And I'll use this as a framework for my review. We forecast earnings
AstraZeneca PLC	call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jon Symonds. John?JON SYMONDS, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. As always, I will start with the call with some brief opening remarks touching on the highlights for the quarter, and then we will turn straight to your questions. First the headline numbers; and as a reminder, beginning with the first quarter of 2005, all of our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards.Sales in the quarter were 5.7 billion, up 13% as reported, 9% in constant currency, with exchange benefits adding 4%. Operating profit was up 34% in constant currency to 1.45 billion. That is the highest profit we have recorded since the formation of AstraZeneca. Earnings per share at $0.63 was up 33% in constant exchange rate terms.Free cash flow of $1.3 billion, a significant improvement on the 721 million generated in the first quarter of 2004, was fully distributed by dividends of 1.1 billion and share repurchases of almost half 0.5 billion. So all around, a strong start to the year with both a solid top line and a very good performance on the cost management front. I will go through
AstraZeneca PLC	forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.(Operator Instructions). You will now be joined to the auditorium, and the call will be starting in a few minutes. Thank you.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Okay. Sorry for the slight delay. There were a few other people coming in, so we thought we'd just give them a couple more minutes. So, I'd like to welcome all of you and say good afternoon to those of you that are here with us in London, and I'd also like to thank the people that are joining us on the webcast for our full-year results conference today.I'm going to start with a review of what I consider to be the key events of the past year, take a look at the headline results for the full year 2010, and I'll give some highlights on the revenues on both a regional and a brand basis. Martin Mackay, who's here, will then follow with his review of the year from an R&D perspective, and give you a pipeline update.And then, finally, Simon will do a quick review of the fourth-quarter results, but focus more on a review of the P&L for the full year.
AstraZeneca PLC	Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.And with that, let me hand over to you, Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan and good afternoon, or good morning, to everyone.Aside from the one-off impacts from tax and patent settlements, the underlying business performance in the first quarter has turned out largely as we anticipated.We're driving growth from the brands where we retain exclusivity and from the emerging markets, so we are facing headwinds from the realities of increased generic competition and government interventions in pricing, both in the US and in Europe.We're focused on productivity and efficiency. And, at the same time, we're making the necessary investments in support of new product launches, growth in emerging markets, and, of course, in the pipeline.Our cash generation is strong and we've significantly increased our cash returns to shareholders in the quarter.On today's call I'm going to cover four topics, and this quarter I
AstraZeneca PLC	like to read the follow safe harbor statement.The Company intends to utilize the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.So with that, let me hand over to you, David.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Great, Jonathan. Thank you, and hello, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our webcast and our conference call to go over AstraZeneca's second quarter, and half-year results for 2011. I'll start with a review of the key events, since the full-year results back at the end of January; and then, we will look at the headline numbers for the first half.As Jonathan said, Simon Lowth is here. He'll take you through the second quarter and focus on revenue by region, and key brands. And then, he'll also walk through the P&L, and the factors that have led to the $0.10 increase to core EPS guidance for the full year.And Martin
AstraZeneca PLC	I think the Board believes, and we discussed yesterday, that vesting authority in the team that's accountable for the day-to-day running of the business into the future is really the best way to ensure both continuity and clear leadership during the transition period. So to me, that makes perfect sense.I believe also the Company has an exceptionally strong executive team in place; something that I'm actually personally very proud of. And I believe, under Simon's directorship, the team will continue to provide strong collective leadership while the Board carries out a thorough search, both internally and externally for my successor.The pharmaceutical sector is experiencing pressures, the likes of which I've not witnessed in my 36 plus years in the industry. And, despite that, I really do remain very confident that AstraZeneca has the capabilities, the courage, the determination to be successful in the future.If we maintain our focus on meeting the needs of patients around the world, and on delivering on unmet medical needs with our medicines, I believe that we can, and will, continue to deliver attractive and sustained returns for our shareholders.The time for reflection on what has been a long and rewarding career for me with AstraZeneca
AstraZeneca PLC	loss of exclusivity of several key products, most notably Seroquel IR from March.Products with loss of exclusivity accounted for 15 percentage points of our 18% decline in second quarter revenue in constant currency terms.In addition to the challenges from our specific portfolio due to generics, we continue to face the same difficult market conditions that the whole industry faces as the global economy struggles to return to sustainable growth. Government interventions in the marketplace continue to take their toll. We estimate the impact to AstraZeneca at around $300 million in the second quarter alone.The disposals of Astra Tech and Aptium created good value, but they also weigh on the year-on-year revenue comparisons.And finally, in terms of revenue headwinds, we saw a continued impact on our business from the supply chain interruptions following the implementation of new IT systems in our plant in Sweden.Our best estimate of the impact in the second quarter is around 2% of revenue overall, but as you will have seen in the press release, supply issues reduced our growth rate in emerging markets from around 8% down to 1%.Production is now well ahead of normal levels and is responding to ongoing demand, including filling back orders
AstraZeneca PLC	trends you have now been seeing for four quarters. Sales increased by 9% in constant currency to just under $5.8b for the quarter. Operating profits were up 45% and earnings per share were $0.76. Note that earnings per share in the third quarter last year included a $0.17 benefit from non-recurring items. From the disposal of the Advanta business and the recognition of a tax credit on the Zolidex settlement. Excluding those items, earnings per share were up 52% for the third quarter.For the nine months it is a very similar picture. Constant exchange rate sales growth of 10%, operating profit up 44% and earnings per share at $2.14, up 42% excluding the non-recurring items I have just referred to.Our five key products, Nexium, Crestor, Symbicort, Arimidex and Seroquel continue to be the engines behind the sales growth. These products had combined sales of $2.7b in the quarter, up 25%, from accumulative sales of $9.7b for the nine months now accounted for 45% of sales, up from 38% a year ago.So let me comment on now these five products, first Nexium. Nexium sales were up 18% in the quarter to $1.1b. Sales in the U.S. were up 17% versus the
AstraZeneca PLC	differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. (Operator Instructions). We will now be joined to the auditorium ready for the start of the conference. Thank you.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Okay. Well, good afternoon, everyone, those of you here with us in London, we are glad you could make it, and those of you that are joining via the webcast welcome. We are glad you are there. As I think you may have seen from our press release, we have an awful lot to cover in today's program. I'm going to start with a review of the highlights from 2009 and cover the headline financial results, including a review of our revenue performance by region and by key brand. And then following that, Simon and I will provide some insights into our strategy and to our planning assumptions for 2010 and beyond as you saw in our press release looking at how we are approaching the coming five-year period, which, as you all know, is a challenging one for AstraZeneca and for our sector. And finally, Anders Ekblom will come up and provide the end of year
AstraZeneca PLC	Leading today's call is Simon Lowth, CFO of AstraZeneca. Also on the call are members of the finance and the investor relations team.30 PM UK time.So before I hand over to Simon, let me read the usual Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to use the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on the call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. And as you know, by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. So with that, let me turn the call over to Simon. Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thanks, Jonathan, and good afternoon to everyone.I'm pleased to be able to present a strong set of first-quarter results for AstraZeneca. We delivered good revenue growth and earnings performance, which was slightly ahead of our expectations.Key products like Crestor, Seroquel and Symbicort, continued to perform strongly in the marketplace. And we saw revenue growth in all major regions, including another strong quarter in emerging markets. And continued cost discipline enabled
AstraZeneca PLC	Leading today's call is Simon Lowth, CFO of AstraZeneca. Also on the call are members of the finance and the investor relations team.30 PM UK time.So before I hand over to Simon, let me read the usual Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to use the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on the call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. And as you know, by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. So with that, let me turn the call over to Simon. Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thanks, Jonathan, and good afternoon to everyone.I'm pleased to be able to present a strong set of first-quarter results for AstraZeneca. We delivered good revenue growth and earnings performance, which was slightly ahead of our expectations.Key products like Crestor, Seroquel and Symbicort, continued to perform strongly in the marketplace. And we saw revenue growth in all major regions, including another strong quarter in emerging markets. And continued cost discipline enabled
AstraZeneca PLC	in London. Thank you.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and good morning to those of you in the states who are joining us. I'd like to welcome you to our webcast and conference call to go through our second-quarter and half-year results for 2010. So, let me just start with a review of the key events since we last convened for our full-year results back at the end of January and then look at the headline numbers for the first half of the year.Simon Lowth is here. Simon will take you through the second quarter. He'll focus on revenue by region and by key brand and also take a detailed walk through the P&L, and then we'll end up with the updated outlook that we have announced around our financial guidance for the full year.Anders Ekblom is also here, and he's going to provide the half yearly update on the pipeline, and I expect we will have plenty of time for questions, so look forward to that as well.Let me begin with an overview of some of the key developments that have taken place in the past six months. And I guess it's hard not to
AstraZeneca PLC	We will now hand you over to James Ward-Lilley at AstraZeneca where the meeting is about to start.JAMES WARD-LILLEY, IR, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to AstraZeneca's Q4 and Full Year 2012 Results. Happy to take questions and support whatever questions we have through the day. And without further ado, I'll hand over to Pascal Soriot.PASCAL SORIOT, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, James, and good afternoon, everyone. It's really a pleasure to see you all again. Welcome to our 2012 Full Year Results presentation.First, let me set the stage for today's agenda. I will make some opening remarks, summarizing the key events for 2012, the headline numbers for the full year. I'll also review our commercial performance, looking at our revenue trends in our key regions and for our key brands.Then Briggs Morrison, who is our EVP for Global Medicines Development, will review our pipeline progress in 2012. Simon, you all know Simon very well, our CFO, will present our 2012 financial performance and provide you with our thinking for guidance for 2013.And then I'll conclude with some observations from my first 90 days at AstraZeneca ahead of our Capital Market Days that we are planning for
AstraZeneca PLC	at the time of this call. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements. I will now hand you over to Simon Lowth.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Well, thank you, operator, and good afternoon to everybody on the call. Let me start with a couple of things. Firstly, to tell you that -- all of you that I've contracted some sort of cold over the last couple of days, so I will take occasional pauses as we go through this call to take a glass of water. So I hope you'll forgive me for that.But as we move then into the call let me just start by saying that we posted a set of slides on the investor page of our website and they'll follow along with my presentation. And what I'll try to do as we go through is cue the slide numbers as we go along so that you can follow.So, turning to the first content slide, which is slide number four in the pack, it's been a few short weeks since our Investor Day on March 21 and at that meeting Pascal and the AZ management team laid out a clear articulation of our strategic priorities;
AstraZeneca PLC	and financial performance of AstraZeneca, and by their very nature forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward looking statements.And with that, I'll now turn the call over to David.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good Jonathan, thank you. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, also, for joining us on our webcast and our conference call. And as Jonathan said, we'll cover second quarter and half year 2008 financial results.The program is pretty straight forward. I'll make some brief opening remarks. And then, as Jonathan said, Simon Lowth is here. He'll take you through the details of the financial results for the quarter, and Dr. John Patterson will then provide his customary semi-annual review of the R&D pipeline. And then after our presentations there will be plenty of time to take questions.So, why don't I just do a quick intro for you? The first half of 2008 has really seen some significant accomplishments for the Company. With a solid performance in the first half now under our belt, we've been able to increase our full year target for
AstraZeneca PLC	is pretty straight forward. I'll make some brief opening remarks. And then, as Jonathan said, Simon Lowth is here. He'll take you through the details of the financial results for the quarter, and Dr. John Patterson will then provide his customary semi-annual review of the R&D pipeline. And then after our presentations there will be plenty of time to take questions.So, why don't I just do a quick intro for you? The first half of 2008 has really seen some significant accomplishments for the Company. With a solid performance in the first half now under our belt, we've been able to increase our full year target for earnings per share by $0.15.Around half of this is from currency, and the other half is from improved operating and financial performance. And Simon will fill you in on the details of how we did this in his guidance remarks in just a few minutes.Market conditions in the established markets of the US and Western Europe continue to be challenging. The overall rates of growth in those markets have slowed to low single digits, and because you all know, healthcare cost pressures are increasing. These factors are clearly impacting our business.That said, the
AstraZeneca PLC	hand over to Simon, I'd like to read the usual Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.With that I'll now turn the call over to Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan, and good afternoon to everyone. Against the backdrop of these trying times in the financial markets and, indeed, the broader economy, I am pleased to be able to present another good set of quarterly results for AstraZeneca. We continue to perform well against the targets we committed ourselves to at the beginning of the year.Today I'm going to cover five topics on our call. First, I will summarize the headline numbers for the third quarter and for the nine months. I will then describe third quarter sales performance by region and by our key brands. Next I'll turn to operating
AstraZeneca PLC	statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.I'll now turn the call over to David Brennan, AstraZeneca's CEO. David.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our webcast and conference call for AstraZeneca's second quarter and half-year 2009 financial results.As you well know, a lot has happened in the world since January, when I presented our full-year 2008 results. We've seen the impact of recessionary pressures impacting many parts of the global economy, the threat of an H1N1 pandemic, and ongoing developments in healthcare reform.What has not changed in the six months is the determined execution of our strategy to drive sales growth for key brands and regions, to reshape the business to improve productivity and efficiency, and to continue building a pipeline capable of sustainable value creation for shareholders and for society. Progress on all of these initiatives is reflected in our strong performance in the first half of 2009.Here are the headline results for the
AstraZeneca PLC	to Simon, let me remind us all of the usual Safe Harbor statement. The Company intends to use the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca.By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements. So with that, let me turn the call over to Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan, and good afternoon to everyone. Today, I'm pleased to present another strong set of quarterly financial results for AstraZeneca, fueled by sales growth and operational leverage.We've also made some progress on the pipeline. Since the half-year results, we've received U.S. and European approvals for ONGLYZA and we've already launched in some markets. We've submitted our first regulatory application for Brilinta in Europe. And we announced two more important collaborations for late-stage development projects with Forest Laboratories and Nektar Therapeutics.Of course, this progress is somewhat tempered by the withdrawal of the regulatory submissions for Zactima.On today's call, I'll focus on
AstraZeneca PLC	United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements in respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca. By their very nature forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty, and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to upgrade forward-looking statements. Information about the principal risks which may affect the Company can be found in the Company's annual report and form 20F information. I will now hand over to Simon Lowth.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Karl, and good afternoon to everyone. AstraZeneca delivered a third quarter revenue and core earnings performance that was in line with our expectations, against a backdrop of generic competition and Government interventions in price. We continue to invest where we see opportunities to create value, both in research and development, and in sales and marketing. But we are also actively reshaping the cost base to improve competitiveness for the long term.This balanced approach continues to drive strong operating cash flow, and has supported increased cash returns to shareholders, with dividends and share repurchases up substantially over last year.On today's call, I will focus on
AstraZeneca PLC	annual report and Form 20F information.At the end of today's presentation, there will be a Q&A session for those listening via this telephone service, together with those attending in person or participating via the webcast. (Operator Instructions).The meeting will start in a few moments, with opening remarks from AstraZeneca's CEO, David Brennan. I will now connect you with the auditorium in London.DAVID BRENNAN, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Well, hello, everyone. Welcome to our full-year 2011 results briefing, as well as some comments that we'll make about 2012. Tony is here, Tony Zook, the Executive VP of Global Commercial Operations. He'll present a bit about what's going on commercially in the organization. Simon is here. He will cover the financials. Martin Mackay is joining us via video from Sweden, where he is today, and he'll provide an R&D update.So -- and then after my formal remarks, I'll chair a Q&A session with all of you to try to take questions, both from the live audience here, as well as from the people that are on the Internet and on the phone.Before I get into the financial results, I thought I'd maybe just cover a couple of numbers that don't necessarily come through
AstraZeneca PLC	ASTRAZENECA PLC: Good afternoon, and welcome to AstraZeneca's third quarter and nine-month results. Delighted to welcome you to the analysts' call for the business today, where I'll hand over, in a moment, to Pascal Soriot, our new Chief Executive Officer; who will then hand onto Simon Lowth, our CFO; after which there will be time for Q&A.So, without further ado, I'll hand over to Pascal. Over to you. Welcome.PASCAL SORIOT, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, James, and good afternoon, everyone. As I just joined AstraZeneca on October 1, it should come as no surprise to you that I'm going to leave the presentation of our third quarter results in the capable hands of Simon. But I did want to join the call and introduce myself to those of you who follow AstraZeneca.In addition to the well-known challenges that confront the pharmaceutical sector as a whole, the loss of exclusivity of several of our brands in major markets has largely defined our financial performance in the first nine months of 2012. We will continue to meet these challenges with determination and focus on delivering against our targets.In my first few months, I'm working on three priorities. First of all, getting out
AstraZeneca PLC	our Executive team are here, notably from the Rest of World business is Bruno Angelici, and then Tony Zook, who runs North America as well as our Global Marketing Group. They'll pitch in during the Q&A session with any questions you have that are specific to them. I'm sure there will be some.We're looking forward to the review this afternoon to talk about how our business performed over the course of the last year, to talk about the prospects for the future and then to engage in discussion with you and to answer any questions that you might have.Now, despite the increasingly challenging environment that affects the research-based industry that we're part of, I think 2007 was a year of pretty significant achievement for AstraZeneca. We made progress in all areas that we've identified as our strategic priorities.In terms of the underlying financial performance, we delivered earnings per share that were ahead of the targets that we set at the beginning of the year. This was a result of both sales growth as well as operating margin improvement when you adjust for the one-off changes that we put in the figures.We made excellent progress for delivering on what I believe
AstraZeneca PLC	of, I think 2007 was a year of pretty significant achievement for AstraZeneca. We made progress in all areas that we've identified as our strategic priorities.In terms of the underlying financial performance, we delivered earnings per share that were ahead of the targets that we set at the beginning of the year. This was a result of both sales growth as well as operating margin improvement when you adjust for the one-off changes that we put in the figures.We made excellent progress for delivering on what I believe is a comprehensive program that we're using, to reshape our cost base and to improve the efficiency and the effectiveness of the Organization globally. And it has affected all parts of the Organization. It's not something that is exclusively done just in G&A, or in a particular part of the Company. And that includes some restructuring in the R&D area as well. So if we want to talk about that, we can.I am very pleased with the way the entire Organization has embraced what I think of as a culture of continuous improvement in meeting this productivity challenge, not just in formal restructuring initiatives but the day-to-day performance of people and the
AstraZeneca PLC	over to Simon Lowth. Simon.&nbsp;SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Jonathan, thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. It's been a busy period for AstraZeneca, since we last convened for the full year results back in January. We continue to drive the current portfolio to increase revenue. And our restructuring and productivity initiatives continue to expand operating margins and deliver profit growth, while we invest in our pipeline of future products.To this end, we've made the first of three regulatory filings scheduled for this year, with the U.S. filing for motavizumab in January. And just last week we took a major step to providing increased clarity and stability for our business with the settlement agreement with Ranbaxy concerning the Nexium patent litigation.But today we need to cover the first quarter's financial performance and I'm going to cover four broad topics. First, we'll look at the headline numbers and a high-level reconciliation between our reported results on a statutory accounting basis and core earnings, which is the basis upon which we provide our financial guidance. I will then cover sales, looking at performance by region and by our key brands. I'll then move to the drivers of financial performance and I'll use
AstraZeneca PLC	starts immediately after this call, so we will be focusing on running to time today. But before I hand over the call to Simon, I'd like to read the usual Safe Harbor statement.The Company intends to utilize the Safe Harbor provisions of the United States Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Participants on this call may make forward-looking statements with respect to the operations and financial performance of AstraZeneca, and by their very nature forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.With that, I'll now turn the call over to Simon Lowth. Simon.SIMON LOWTH, CFO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Jonathan, thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. It's been a busy period for AstraZeneca, since we last convened for the full year results back in January. We continue to drive the current portfolio to increase revenue. And our restructuring and productivity initiatives continue to expand operating margins and deliver profit growth, while we invest in our pipeline of future products.To this end, we've made the first of three regulatory filings scheduled for this year, with the U.S. filing for motavizumab
AstraZeneca PLC	reflect the knowledge and information available at the time of this call. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements.I'll now hand you over to Pascal Soriot.PASCAL SORIOT, CEO, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Hello, everybody. It's Pascal Soriot here from AstraZeneca. It's really a pleasure to welcome you to our Q3 and nine-months conference. It's my pleasure to introduce some of our team members here present with me in the room. We have Simon Lowth, of course, our CFO. We also have Briggs Morrison, our CMO and our EVP for Global Medical Development. And, finally, Mark Dunoyer, who has been our EVP for Product Strategy, M&A and Business Development, and is our newly appointed CFO. We also are here in the room together with some of our finance and investor relations team members.So let me just move on to the first slide. Our plan today is provide a business performance update focused on the third-quarter financial results, while also providing a progress report on the strategic priorities that we are working towards. On business performance, third-quarter revenue was down 4%. And again, as in previous quarters, largely due to the loss of exclusivity on some of our products. We estimate around
AstraZeneca PLC	and outlined my priorities for 2006. Anticipating my first year as Chief Executive as AstraZeneca, I stated, at the time, that the priorities were to maintain business momentum from top line growth, improve productivity and strong cash generation, and further strengthen the pipeline, tapping internal and external sources of growth. Today, as I look back on what has happened during the past year, I'm pleased to report that AstraZeneca has delivered another top tier financial performance, continuing the momentum that has been building for the last three years.As for strengthening the pipeline, it is still a work in progress. There have been positive developments, improving productivity in our own laboratories and bringing in external opportunities. But we recognize that more needs to be done, and I am determined, and the people of AstraZeneca are determined, that more will be done to increase the flow of new products to sustain our long-term growth.I'll go into a bit more detail on these elements of our 2006 performance in just a few minutes before John Patterson covers the R&D update. But, first, let me just give you a quick overview of the headline financial results that we recorded today.Sales for the full year
AstraZeneca PLC	call over to David Brennan, AstraZeneca's Chief Executive. David.&nbsp;DAVID BRENNAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan, and good morning, everyone. We really appreciate you joining us for this call this morning. It's a very important day in the strategic evolution of AstraZeneca. And this morning, we will discuss our announcement of the agreement to acquire MedImmune. And as Jonathan said, I'm pleased that David Mott, the CEO of MedImmune, is on the call with us and will be available to answer questions after we finish our remarks.We also, as you will have seen, released our first quarter results and Jon Symonds will certainly take you through the highlights of those as well, and then we will be prepared to discuss any questions you might have. After my remarks, you'll also hear from John Patterson, who's the Head of Development. And, as I said, Jon, who, aside from those comments about the financial aspects of this transaction, will cover other news that we released this morning. So there's plenty to talk about, to say the least.As you all know, strengthening the pipeline has been our highest priority for some time. In addition to increasing our internal R&D budget, the numbers
AstraZeneca PLC	call over to David Brennan, AstraZeneca's Chief Executive. David.&nbsp;DAVID BRENNAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, ASTRAZENECA PLC: Thank you, Jonathan, and good morning, everyone. We really appreciate you joining us for this call this morning. It's a very important day in the strategic evolution of AstraZeneca. And this morning, we will discuss our announcement of the agreement to acquire MedImmune. And as Jonathan said, I'm pleased that David Mott, the CEO of MedImmune, is on the call with us and will be available to answer questions after we finish our remarks.We also, as you will have seen, released our first quarter results and Jon Symonds will certainly take you through the highlights of those as well, and then we will be prepared to discuss any questions you might have. After my remarks, you'll also hear from John Patterson, who's the Head of Development. And, as I said, Jon, who, aside from those comments about the financial aspects of this transaction, will cover other news that we released this morning. So there's plenty to talk about, to say the least.As you all know, strengthening the pipeline has been our highest priority for some time. In addition to increasing our internal R&D budget, the numbers
AstraZeneca PLC	and we will try to alternative back and forth, and cover as much ground as we can.As you will have seen in the press release the quarter's results have had an added layer of complexity as we begin to reflect the impact of the acquisition of MedImmune. As we step up our changes and the pace of our productivity initiatives and the restructuring charge that comes with them, we are going to do everything we can to help you understand that, to make it as transparent as possible.And by now, as I said you've seen the second quarter results, and the first half results, which we published a couple of hours ago. So let me just quickly go over it. Constant currency sales for the first half were up 8%, earnings per share were up 15% excluding restructuring costs and the impact of the MedImmune acquisition.I think these results are complimented by our strengthened late phase pipeline, which as you all know, we are counting on to deliver the next wave of value to us in the medium term.The outlook for the industry remains quite challenging. Events such as the withdrawal of Vioxx a couple of years ago, and more
AstraZeneca PLC	progress on our key strategic priorities. Our business is on track to meet our full year earnings target, despite some challenging market conditions. The entire organization is getting on with executing our comprehensive plans to drive productivity and efficiency. And we are seeing results from those initiatives.We are continuing to take steps to strengthen the pipeline that is our highest priority. We had two additional compounds progressing to Phase III development in the quarter. That was PN400 and the Crestor Abbott fenofibrate fixed dose combination. That brings the total number of late stage projects to 10.And the breadth and depth of the entire portfolio is stronger now than it's ever been. And our plan to be a major force in biologics is coming to life through the creation of a new MedImmune, where the transition has been underway. The combination of MedImmune, CAT, and the existing AstraZeneca biologics assets, have now positioned us to be a world leader in this area in the future.I will spend the next few minutes giving an overview of the Company's performance in the third quarter, including an update on the key brands. And then Paul Kenyon will flesh out some of the details in
AstraZeneca PLC	15% increase in the second interim dividend, bringing the total for the year to $0.795, an increase of 15.6%.During 2003 we also returned $1.2b to shareholders by way of share repurchases. Completing the $4b program we began in 1999.You will also have seen in today(TM)s announcement that the Board has authorized a further $4b repurchase program to be completed by the end of 2005.The most striking feature of the 2003 results is the underlying strength of our sales growth across all therapeutic areas, save, of course, for those products, which lost exclusivity, notably Prilosec , Zestril and Nolvadex.The GI sales were up 61% after excluding Prilosec. Cardiovascular was up 20% when you exclude Zestril. Oncology was up 26% when you take out Nolvadex. Neuroscience and Respiratory were up 12% and 15% respectively. So, right across the board very strong underlying growth.Now with most of the sales lost to generics behind us, it is this strong underlying growth which should now propel total sales.Jon will talk more about individual product highlights later. But, another way of looking at the sales result is shown here. The growth in GI, Cardiovascular, Respiratory, Oncology and Neuroscience and the Others more than offset the $2.7b
AstraZeneca PLC	my opening remarks, touching on a few product financial and product highlights from this morning's release. Devoting the balance of your time to questions.First the headline numbers. Sales were just over $5b in the quarter, a record for AstraZeneca. That was an increase of 7% on a reported basis. Currency benefited reported sales by 8%. So, on a CER basis sales were down 1% versus the first quarter of 2003.You will of course recall that the first quarter last year was affected by significant wholesaler stocking, where we estimated that by the end of the quarter trade inventories were some $400m higher than normal.Of course we're still feeling the effect of generic erosion. Some $234m in the US in this quarter.As I mentioned at the year-end, we've been moving towards implementation of inventory management agreements with the major US wholesalers. Three agreements are now in place with wholesalers that account for around three quarters of our US sales. Going forward this should better align 2004 reported sales with prescription demand. But we still carry a rather volatile four quarters of 2003 sales history that will affect the year on year comparisons for the balance of this year.In this quarter, since
AstraZeneca PLC	second quarter, ahead of most expectations, have set us on track to deliver our targets for the full-year.I'll summarise the half-year headline figures, and comment on some aspects of the increasingly challenging environment the industry is facing. Then hand over to Jon to take you through the second quarter results in more detail.Sales for the first half were nearly $10.4b, up 15% in reported terms and 5% in constant currency. Operating profit was up 1% reported, but down 5% at CER, as a result of the phasing of the investments in R&D and SG&A.Bear in mind, however, that the year-on-year quarterly comparisons on these expenses will get easier in the second-half. And, that this is a major factor in our projected earnings growth for the full-year.Earnings per share were $0.97 for the first half compared to $0.93 last year. With these results the Board has recommended a 15% increase in the dividend to $0.295.And, during the course of the first half, the Company has repurchased another 20.2 million shares for cancellation; returning just under $1b to shareholders.Overall a good set of results, and achieved in a world pharmaceutical market that's becoming somewhat more challenging. The tremendous demand for improved healthcare
Boeing Company	his comments on the highlights and drivers of financial performance, rather than a detailed review of the financial statements made available this morning. We ask that you limit yourself to one single-part question.&nbsp;Before we start I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks and uncertainties. These assumptions, the assumptions behind our projections and the factors that could cause actual results to vary are detailed in the news release we issued earlier this morning; and in our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. I urge you to read them thoroughly. At this point I will turn the meeting over to Harry Stonecipher.HARRY STONECIPHER, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave, and good morning to all of you. Today we will review with you our fourth quarter and full year 2003 results. I will begin this morning by sharing my perspective on 2003, then James will summarize the financial results and provide you with our outlook; then I will conclude by sharing with you my priorities for going forward. We will then be
Boeing Company	earlier today. To allow more time for your questions, James will focus his comments on the highlights and drivers of financial performance rather than a detailed review of the financial statements made available this morning.Before we start I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions in this morning are likely to involve risks and uncertainties. The assumptions behind our projections and the factors that could cause actual results to vary are detailed in the news release we issued earlier this morning, and in our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this Web presentation. I urge you to read them thoroughly.At this point I will turn the meeting over to Harry Stonecipher.HARRY STONECIPHER, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you very much Dave and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for joining us today.Today we will review with you our first quarter results. I will begin this morning by sharing my perspective on the first quarter, and then James will summarize the financial results and provide you with our outlook and I will conclude by stating my priorities going forward.
Boeing Company	projections and the factors that could cause actual results to vary are detailed in the news release we issued earlier this morning and in our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. I urge you to read them thoroughly.At this point, I will turn the meeting over to Harry Stonecipher.HARRY STONECIPHER, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. Today we will be discussing our second-quarter results and I will be begin by sharing my perspective on the quarter, James will summarize the financial results and provide you with our outlook, and I will conclude by stating our priorities going forward. We will then be happy to take your questions. So let's get started on slide two.We had another very good quarter as the investment we've been making in our performance continues to yield results. Our revenue performance was anchored by growth in our defense business, as defense markets remain robust and commercial markets showed signs of recovery. Operating earnings and margins were solid crass our defense and commercial airplane businesses, as our teams continue to focus intensely on execution.Our businesses has, once again, generated outstanding
Boeing Company	is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings call. I'm Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we'll take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release, in our various SEC filings,
Boeing Company	plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet.&nbsp;At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's first quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we'll take your questions. In fairness to others on the call we ask that you limit yourself to one question. As always we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation at our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. Now I'll
Boeing Company	Lahr, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Lahr, please go ahead.TROY LAHR, VP, IR, BOEING CO: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's second quarter 2013 earnings call. I'm Troy Lahr and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always we've provided a detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. As a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin I need to remind you that any projections and goals we included in our discussions this money are likely to involve risk which is detailed in our news release, in our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statements disclaimer at the end of the web presentation. In addition we refer you to our earnings release and presentation for disclosures and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our results and outlook.Now I will turn the call over to Jim
Boeing Company	SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this Web presentation. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, PRESIDENT AND MEMBER OF SPECIAL PROGRAMS COMMITTEE, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave and good morning. Let me begin with a few comments about our 2005 performance and then James will walk you through the numbers. After that I'll, say a few words about the road ahead and take your questions. Slide two, please. Boeing made great progress in '05, which has given us a solid foundation for even better performance in 2006 and beyond. We executed on our plans and improved our financial results across the board with higher revenues, margin expansion and strong earnings growth.Most notably, we generated a record 7 billion of operating cash flow during the year, and that's after investing in our growth programs and contributing 1.9 billion to our pension plans. We also raised our dividend 20%, reduced debt and repurchased more than 45 million shares. We continue to deliver value through our balanced approach to cash deployment. Of course, our strong cash flow was due in part to the tremendous order flow last year. Boeing had a
Boeing Company	in our news release, in our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. Now, I'll turn the meeting over to James Bell.JAMES BELL, EVP & CFO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave, and good morning. As Dave said, I will briefly review our first quarter results and discuss our outlook. Then we'll take your questions. Now, beginning this year, we have moved to a split of duties between our CEO, Jim McNerney, and myself on our earnings call. Jill will participate in the calls at mid-year and at year-end, and other calls on a selected basis. Of course, I will continue to be on all of Boeing quarterly earnings calls. So let's begin by turning to the first slide.Boeing is off to a very good start this year. During the first quarter, we grew revenues, net income, earnings per share and cash flow at strong double-digit rates. Productivity improvements we continue to make across the Company, and the significant increase in commercial airplane deliveries, generated the strong performance this quarter. Our balanced cash deployment strategy continues to deliver value to customers and shareholders, by investing in our growth and returning capital to
Boeing Company	those risks are detailed in the news release we issued this morning and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation.Now, I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everybody. Let me begin with a few comments about our second quarter performance and then James will walk you through the numbers. After that, I'll say a few words about the road ahead and then we'll both take your questions. Boeing has made good progress across most areas of our business during the quarter. We executed our plans to improve financial results with one notable exception. And that was in our international airborne surveillance program or AEW&C. The charge we announced for that program and for the global legal settlement reduced our reported EPS for the quarter by a combined $1.15. Still, the bulk of our business is once again generated strong performance. With revenues on track and outstanding cash flow of more than 2.4 billion during the quarter.We used our cash to invest in our organic growth programs and add capabilities to our services businesses. We also improved our liquidity
Boeing Company	our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation.Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, BOEING COMPANY: Thank you very much, David. And good morning, everybody. Let's get started by turning to our third quarter summary on slide two. Boeing delivered strong results in the third quarter with revenues and core earnings per share growing at double-digit rates. The productivity improvements we are making and the significant increase in commercial airplane deliveries generated our strong performance. And this strong performance is allowing us to offset most of the connection charge and raise our outlook for 2007, which I will discuss in just a second.We expanded our backlog again this quarter to a new record level of $229 billion, driven by the continued strong demand for our market-leading commercial airplanes, especially the 787 Dreamliner. We also expanded our Services business during the quarter, with strong organic growth supplemented by the acquisition of Aviall, which will accelerate our growth and enhance our capabilities in the aviation services market.In August, our board approved a new $3 billion share repurchase program, an important element of our balanced cash deployment strategy. With
Boeing Company	factors that could cause actual results to vary, are detailed in the news release we issued this morning and in our various SEC filings, as well as the forward-looking statement at the end of this Web presentation. Now, I'll turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave. And good morning, everyone. As I complete my first month at Boeing I can tell you that I'm pleased to be here and very enthusiastic about our current position and the road ahead. I plan to share some of my early observations with you in just a couple of minutes. But first, I think the order of the day should be to discuss our financial results and immediate outlook, and there's no one better to do that than James Bell. James?JAMES BELL, CFO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Jim. And good morning. Boeing continues to perform well in the second quarter delivering excellent results across our businesses. Integrated Defense Systems delivered another quarter of solid growth and outstanding margins while Commercial Airplanes generated double-digit revenue and earnings growth and expanded its backlog by more than 25%. Commercial markets continue to gain strength which has enabled us to
Boeing Company	Analyst * Hal Weitzman Financial Times - Analyst * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Analyst * Paul Merrion Crain's Chicago Business - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third quarter earnings call.I'm Scott Fitterer, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question.As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at boeing.com.Before we begin,
Boeing Company	The assumptions behind our projections and the factors that could cause actual results to vary are detailed in the news release we issued earlier this morning and in our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. I urge you to read them thoroughly. At this point, I will turn the meeting over to Harry Stonecipher.HARRY C. STONECIPHER, PRESIDENT, CEO, DIRECTOR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave, and good morning to everyone. Today we will be discussing our third quarter results, and I will begin by sharing my thoughts on the quarter. Then James Bell will summarize the financial results and provide you with our outlook, and then I will conclude by stating our priorities going forward, and then we will be happy to take your questions.So let's get started on slide 2. We had another really strong quarter, as our focus on execution continues to generate results. With defense market strong and commercial markets recovering, we were able to deliver impressive financial performance. Our Integrated Defense Systems business led the way with double-digit revenue and earnings growth, while commercial airplanes performed well and made important progress on
Boeing Company	involve risks, the assumptions behind our projections, and the factors that could cause actual results to vary, are detailed in the news release we issued this morning in our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation.Now with that, I will turn the meeting over to Harry Stonecipher.HARRY STONECIPHER, PRESIDENT & CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave, and good morning. Today we will be discussing our fourth quarter and full-year 2004 results. I will begin by sharing my thoughts, and then James will summarize the financial results and provide you with our outlook, and I will conclude by stating our priorities going forward. We will then be able to answer all of your questions, either in person or later.So let's get started on slide 2. Boeing had a good year in 2004, as our intense focus on execution delivered significantly improved results. With defense markets strong and commercial markets recovering, we were able to deliver solid financial performance. Our Integrated Defense Systems business led the way with strong revenue and earnings growth. While Commercial Airplanes performed well as they recovered from the bottom of the delivery cycle and launched the new 787
Boeing Company	release we issued this morning, in our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation.Now I would like to turn the meeting over to James Bell.JAMES BELL, CEO, CFO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. Today we will be discussing our first-quarter 2005 results.I will begin with a brief review of our businesses, and then continue with some comments on our first-quarter financial performance, and our outlook. After outlining our priorities going forward, I will be happy to take your questions.Let's get started on Slide 2. Boeing got off to a very good start in the first quarter of 2005, as our intense focus on execution delivered strong results. With defense markets strong and Commercial markets on the rise, we were able to deliver solid financial performance. Our Integrated Defense Systems businesses led the way with outstanding margins on modest revenue growth while Commercial Airplanes performed well and captured a significant number of new airplane orders and commitments. Our businesses delivered outstanding cash flow, which we used to further strengthen our pension plan, and continue our share repurchase program, both of which are elements of our balanced approach to cash deployment.
Boeing Company	- Media * Dominic Gates Seattle Times - Media * Glenn Farley KING Television - Media * Josh Freed The Associated Press - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Boeing Company's first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded.&nbsp;The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's first-quarter earnings call.I'm Scott Fitterer, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we'll take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question.As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin,
Boeing Company	Flight Global - Analyst * Ted Reed TheStreet - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Thank you for standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call.&nbsp;Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the Internet.At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, the Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, VP IR, THE BOEING CO.: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's second-quarter earnings call.I'm Scott Fitterer. With me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we'll take your questions. Again, in fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question.As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. As a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include
Boeing Company	Company. Ms. Pope, please go ahead.STEPHANIE POPE, VP, IR, BOEING CO: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's First Quarter 2012 earnings call. I am Stephanie Pope and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. As a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentations through our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussion this morning are likely to involve risk, which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking disclaimers at the end of this Webcast presentation. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, BOEING CO: Thank you, Stephanie and good morning, everybody. Let me start today by addressing the evolving business environment, followed by some thoughts on our performance during the quarter.
Boeing Company	I'm turning the call over to Ms. Stephanie Pope, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Pope, please go ahead.STEPHANIE POPE, VP IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's second-quarter 2012 earnings call. I am Stephanie Pope. And with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer.After comments by Jim and Greg we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentations through our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may including in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks, which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking disclaimers at the end of this web presentation.Now I will turn the call over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning, everybody. Let me start
Boeing Company	release we issued this morning and our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this Web presentation. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.&nbsp;JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave. And good morning. As I complete my first full quarter at Boeing, I can tell you that I'm pleased with the operating strength I see in our business, and the promise I see in our future.Let me begin with a few comments about our quarterly performance and let James -- and then James will walk you through some of the numbers. After that, I will come back and talk a little bit about the road ahead and open it up for your questions. Although we faced some challenges this quarter, we delivered strong results across our core businesses. And extended the momentum we are building in our growth and profitability. Commercial airplanes continued winning key orders while aggressively managing costs and investing to support long-term growth. BCA orders are up over 300% in the first nine months of this year as compared to last year. This is clear evidence that the market recognizes the tremendous value in our advanced
Boeing Company	- Media * Aubrey Cohen seattlepi.com - MediaPresentation&nbsp;OPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The Management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analyst and media question and answer sessions, are being broadcast live over the internet.At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning over the call to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President For Investor Relations for Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning.Welcome to Boeing's fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings call. I am Diana Sands and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we'll take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question, please.As always we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today, and as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections
Boeing Company	plus the analyst and media question and answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet.&nbsp;At this time for opening remarks and introductions I am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis for The Boeing Company. Please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's first quarter earnings call. I am Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James we'll take your questions.In fairness to others on the call we do ask that you limit yourself to one question. As always we provided detailed financial information in the press release issued earlier today and as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking disclosures at the end of
Boeing Company	standing by. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Boeing Company's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst's and media question and answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet.&nbsp;At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's second quarter earnings call. I'm Scott Fitterer and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we'll take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question.As always we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today and as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com. Before we do begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are
Boeing Company	the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's fourth-quarter and full-year 2010 earnings conference call.I am Scott Fitterer and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions.In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today and as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking disclaimers at the end of this Web presentation. Now
Boeing Company	Ms. Pope, please go ahead.STEPHANIE POPE, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's fourth quarter 2012 earnings call. I am Stephanie Pope and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg, we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks, which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement disclaimers at the end of this web presentation. In addition, we refer you to this morning's earnings release and to the presentation that accompany the webcast for disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we may use when discussing our results and outlook.Now, I will turn the call over
Boeing Company	for the Boeing Company. Mr. Lahr, please go ahead.TROY LAHR, VP OF IR, BOEING CO: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's first-quarter 2013 earnings call. I am Troy Lahr, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President an Chief Executive Officer and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg, we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always, we provided a detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind you that any discussions and goals this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statements disclaimer at the end of this web presentation. In addition we refer you to the earnings release and presentation for disclosures and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures that we use when discussing our results and outlook.Now, I turn the call over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, BOEING CO: Thank you, Troy,
Boeing Company	Analyst * Andrea Rothman Bloomberg News - MediaPresentationOPERATOR: Good day, everyone and welcome to The Boeing Company's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analyst and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the internet.&nbsp;At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. In the interest of time and in fairness to others on the call, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that
Boeing Company	call. Today's call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation plus the analysts' and media question and answer sessions are being broadcast live over the Internet. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's second quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question in the interest of time and in fairness to others on the call. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks, which are detailed in our news
Boeing Company	call is being recorded. The management discussion and slide presentation, plus the analysts and media question-and-answer sessions are being broadcast live over the internet. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Boeing Company.DIANA SANDS, VP, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and James we'll take your questions. As always we ask you that you limit yourself to one question to be fair to others on the call. We have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued today and as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at www.boeing.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussion this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking disclosures at the end of
Boeing Company	for opening remarks and introductions, I'm turning the call over to Mr. Scott Fitterer, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Mr. Fitterer, please go ahead.SCOTT FITTERER, IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third-quarter earnings call.I'm Scott Fitterer and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Corporate President and Chief Financial Officer.After comments by Jim and James, we'll take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question.As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks, which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking disclaimers at the end of this web presentation. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everybody.Let me begin
Boeing Company	Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third quarter 2012 earnings call. I'm Stephanie Pope, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today, and as a reminder you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentations through our website at Boeing.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may including in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks, which are detailed in our news release, in our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking disclaimers at the end of this web presentation. Now I will turn the call over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, BOEING CO: Thank you Stephanie, and good morning everybody. Let me start today by addressing the business environment, followed by some thoughts on our strong performance during the quarter. After that, Greg will walk you through our financial results
Boeing Company	morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release and in our various SEC filings and the forward-looking statement at the end of the Web presentation.Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave, and good morning everyone. Let me begin with a few comments about our 2007 performance ,and then James will walk you through the details of our results. After that I'll say a few words about the road ahead and then we'd be glad to take your questions.2007 was a very good year for financial performance at Boeing. With our continuing focus on both growth and productivity, we achieved solid increases in revenue and another year of double-digit growth in core earnings per share. We delivered a record year in many important measures including revenue, earnings, cash flow, total backlog and commercial airplane orders. We executed our existing production and services programs well, meeting our commitments and providing valuable solutions to our customers. All of this gives us a solid foundation for even better performance in 2008 and beyond.To hit just a few of the highlights. Cash flow in 2007 went
Boeing Company	are detailed in our news release, and our various SEC filings, and in a forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Diana, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with some comments about our first quarter, then James will walk you through the results specifically. After that I will say a few words about what's ahead, and then take your questions.Starting with slide 2, please. Our first quarter financial performance has us off to a very good start for the year. Our two big core businesses continue to demonstrate strong performance, and remain well positioned in their markets. Virtually all of our programs are meeting or exceeding targets by driving growth and productivity initiatives. This performance is providing us the resources we need to manage through our product development challenges, while still meeting our financial commitments. Our financial highlights for the quarter included solid revenue growth, strong cash flows, and operating margins over 11%. Earnings per share and net income both grew about 40%.Our backlog continued to grow and reached another record level of $346 billion, which equals over five
Boeing Company	the Internet.&nbsp;At this time for opening remarks and introductions I will turn the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.DIANA SANDS, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Boeing's first quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands. With me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. In the interest of time, we ask that you limit yourselves to one question. As always we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning, are likely to involve risks, which are detailed in our news release, and our various SEC filings, and in a forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks,
Boeing Company	am turning the call over to Ms. Diana Sands, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Boeing Company. Ms. Sands, please go ahead.&nbsp;DIANA SANDS, VP OF IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Good morning and welcome to Boeing's second quarter earnings call. I'm Diana Sands, and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and James Bell, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After brief comments by Jim and James, we will take your questions. In the interest of time and in fairness to others on the call, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. As always, we have provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today. And as a reminder, you can follow today's broadcast and slide presentation through our website at Boeing.com. Before we begin I need to remind you that any projections and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks, which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you,
Boeing Company	discussions this morning are likely to involve risks, which are detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation. Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Diana, and good morning. Let me begin with some comments about our second quarter, and then James will walk you through our results. After that I will say a few words about what's ahead, and then we'd be glad to take your questions.Starting with slide two, our second quarter financial results reflected solid core business performance, although they were clearly impacted by the effects of the challenges we are working through on some of our development programs. As previously disclosed we had had a charge on our Airborne Early Warning and Control program due to the additional time required to complete and integrate the electronic warfare ground support systems. We regret the impact this additional delay has had on our customer, and we are disappointed we had to take another charge on this program. We are fully committed to meeting our customer's requirements and do expect to start
Boeing Company	IR, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Boeing's third-quarter 2013 earnings call. I am Troy Lahr and with me today are Jim McNerney, Boeing's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Smith, Boeing's Chief Financial Officer. After comments by Jim and Greg we will take your questions. In fairness to others on the call we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. As always we've provided detailed financial information in our press release issued earlier today and you can follow this broadcast and slide presentation through our website at www.boeing.com.Before we begin, I need to remind you that any projections and goals included in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks which is detailed in our news release and our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statements disclaimer at the end of this web presentation. In addition we refer you to our earnings release and presentation for disclosures and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures we use when discussing our results and outlook.Now I'll turn the call over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Troy, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin today with an
Boeing Company	our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release, in our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this web presentation.Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone.Let me begin with a few comments about our 2006 performance, and then James will walk you through the numbers. After that I will say a few words about the road ahead, and then we'll take your questions.We made great progress in 2006 which has given us a solid foundation for even better performance in 2007 and beyond. This was an important year for Boeing, one in which we turned a corner and positioned ourselves for what we believe promises to be a very exciting future. We executed on our plans and significantly improved our financial performance while dealing with some tough issues which ultimately in dealing with them strengthened our company.By focusing on both growth and productivity we were able to deliver double-digit increases in revenue and core earnings in the fourth quarter and for the full-year 2006. We also delivered a record year in
Boeing Company	and goals we may include in our discussions this morning are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release, in our various SEC filings, and in the forward-looking statement at the end of this Web presentation. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thank you, Dave. And good morning, everybody. Let me begin with some comments about our first quarter and then James will walk you through our results more specifically. After that, I will say a few words about what is ahead for us, and then take your questions.In summary, we are off to a good start in 2007. We delivered solid top-line performance during the first quarter with strong double digit growth in operating income, net income, and earnings per share. These results are in line with our expectations for the quarter, and represent good progress toward the challenging goals we have for ourselves, both this year, and beyond that. Our businesses are delivering solid performance and they are well positioned in their markets. Our Integrated Defense Systems business generated solid growth of double digit margins by executing well on its very large and balanced
Boeing Company	likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release in our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statements at the end of this web presentation. Now I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with some comments about the second quarter and then James will walk you through our results more specifically. After that, I will say a few words about what's ahead for us and then take your questions. We continued to make solid progress across all of our businesses during the quarter. We delivered double digit top line growth and sharply grew our operating margin, net income, earnings per share and cash flow. Our commercial airplane and defense businesses are performing well as we made progress on our significant growth and productivity goals. Based on our strong first half performance, we are raising our 2007 financial guidance. We will say more about that in a few minutes. Our total backlog expanded again this quarter to another record level of $279 billion, which represents more than four times our current revenue. Our backlog has grown 27% over the past
Boeing Company	are likely to involve risks which are detailed in our news release, in our various SEC filings and in the forward-looking statements at the end of this web presentation. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Jim McNerney.JIM MCNERNEY, CEO, THE BOEING COMPANY: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everybody. I'll begin with some comments about our third quarter performance and our outlook. I will also share some thoughts about what we're doing to keep the 87 program on schedule, on the schedule that we outlined earlier this month. Then I'll turn it over to James, who will walk you through our results, and after that, we'll take your questions.On Slide 2, we continued to make solid progress across our businesses during the quarter, as evidenced by our financial results. We delivered double-digit topline growth and sharply grew our operating margin, net income, earnings per share, and cash flow. Our commercial airline and defense businesses are performing well, and we are making good progress on our significant growth and productivity goals. Based on our strong results through the first nine months of this year, we are again raising our '07 financial guidance. We will say more about that in a
BHP Billiton PLC	over to Alex, and Alex will take us through the more detailed aspects of our financial performance. Then I'll give you some perspectives on the macro environment and how this is impacting, firstly, the industry and, also, how it's impacting on us. And then Alex and I will be very happy to take some questions.If we go to our highlights, let me, as usual, begin with safety. Over the period in question, we've maintained a good safety performance as measured by what we call our lagging indicators; most notably, our total recordable injury frequency rate. However, we've still had four fatalities in the period. That means four families left without loved ones. And it goes without saying that any fatality is an unacceptable outcome. We continue to be committed towards getting to zero harm and ensuring that a safety culture is embedded across the entire group.Let me turn to results. There's no doubt that the last half year has been an interesting period and a challenging period for our industry. The very solid result, of which you will get a very clear view today during this presentation, demonstrates that our core strategy, unchanged over the better part of a decade,
BHP Billiton PLC	to start off today by giving you a brief overview of our results before handing over to Alex, and Alex will take us through the more detailed aspects of our financial performance. Then I'll give you some perspectives on the macro-environment and how this is impacting firstly the industry, and also how it's impacting on us. And then Alex and I will be very happy to take some questions.If we go to our highlights, let me as usual begin with safety. Over the period in question, we've maintained a good safety performance as measured by what we call our lagging indicators, most notably total recordable injury frequency rate. However, we still had four fatalities in the period; that means four families left without loved ones, and it goes without saying that any fatality is an unacceptable outcome. We continue to be committed towards getting to zero harm and ensuring that a safety culture is embedded across the entire Group.Let me turn to results. There's no doubt that the last half year has been an interesting period and a challenging period for our industry. The very solid result, of which you will get a very clear view today during this presentation,
BHP Billiton PLC	strong financial results, including improved performance in the second half of the year, and our well developed plan continued to deliver differentiated returns in our sector. We have reported record production for a number of our commodities, as well as substantial controllable and sustainable annualized cost savings of $2.7 billion, with more to come.Our plan will secure a significant growth in free cash flow by extracting more value from existing operations, by investing through the cycle with greater capital efficiency, and by further simplifying the portfolio.Capital and exploration expenditure will decline to $16.2 billion this year. And we'll direct capital even more selectively towards our major basins, while continuing with measured investment at Jansen to de-risk the project and maintain the flexibility to enter the potash market only when the time is right.Our charter is central to everything we do. It details our purpose, strategy, and values. Sustainability, our first value, means we are environmentally responsible; enhance the wellbeing of our communities; and put the health and safety of our employees first so that every one of our 125,000 strong workforce goes home safely at the end of each working day.Over the past eight years, we have reduced our total
BHP Billiton PLC	into the BHP Billiton health safety environment and community system is also an item that has taken an impact on the safety statistics.&nbsp;And then, thirdly, our exploration activities are moving into new and challenging environments as we look for significant resource accumulations in new parts of the world, and in some of those parts of the world, the safety issues are not quite to the headline that we see in the areas that we're used to working more particularly into those that have been indoctrinated into our system.Well, obviously, and emphasis in this area, education and communication continues and continues quite aggressively, and we look for that to continue to push us to our long-term [treadline], which is a decrease in these statistics.So moving on now to the results, we had strong results for the six-month period ended in December. We set a number of operational and financial records over that time. If we move to the finance side, the underlying EBITDA for the six-month period was US$8 billion, 42% from the prior period. Underlying EBIT was up 43% to US$6.7 billion, and attributable profit came in at US$4.4 billion, up 48% from the prior period. This is the fifth
BHP Billiton PLC	are three things around this. First of all the contractors. We're seeing more contractors in our business as a result of our project activity. But we're also seeing in operations contractors are in significant demand and that the people turnover issues, we need to indoctrinate people into our BHP Billiton systems.Second area was the WMC integration, bringing the WMC family into the BHP Billiton HSEC systems is certainly underway.And the third area is exploration. We're now exploring in new areas of the world where safety is probably not the foremost issue on many of the people's minds. In those local areas it is going to take a little bit of time to work that through.But I've got to assure you the emphasis is there. In communications and education we certainly expect to be moving back to our long-term trend line, declining rates in both these areas.Moving on to the results, we've had a strong year both operationally and financially, and that is year to date. On the financial side we've seen EBITDA move up 42% to $8b for this six months period. EBIT $6.7b, up 43% and attributable profit is a record $4.4b, that is the fifth consecutive six-monthly profit
BHP Billiton PLC	telephone, let me begin with Safety. We had mixed results in the Safety area this year when we look at our lagging indicators, and there are two critical indicators we look at. One is our total recordable injury frequency rate and the other is our classified injury frequency rate. The total rate was flat year-on-year, and the classified rate was actually up. And Obviously we look for declines in those numbers. But what we found is the integration of WMC assets into the BHP Billiton family did cause a deterioration of those numbers in the first half of the year. But in the second half of the year we did see our safety numbers improve and head in the right direction, one that is consistent with our aspiration to zero harm.We did see some particularly good things in our leading indicators. These are some of the things that give us an impression of how safety is going in the organization, how we should expect it to go. And particularly in our area of significant incident reporting and this is where we identify incidents, where we make sure we share them across the organization. And we did see a significant improvement
BHP Billiton PLC	in front of you, at least in this room. People, as you know, are absolutely critical to our strategy and to our long-term success, and therefore it's appropriate to talk a little bit about safety. A year ago I began by saying that we had done a study of safety and our safety systems, and did that with some outside help. And they had determined that our safety systems were very good, okay, in some cases some of the best in class.But that our operating discipline - and this is the way that we actually adhere to those systems - were things that we needed to work on. And that's been something the organization's worked very hard on over the last year. I'm pleased to say we've had some very good results there. Our classified injury frequency rate, which is an important number, had a 21% decrease and that's very good.Again, as you say in your press release and I'll talk about a little later, that comes despite some very good production results. And that's the exact message we want to tell, that good business and good safety are very much alive. Unfortunately, safety is not something you can say
BHP Billiton PLC	you to the disclaimer and remind you of its importance and relation to today's presentation.I will start by giving you a brief overview of results. I will then hand over to Alex to take you through the details of our financial performance, after which I will talk to you about our view of the macroeconomic environment. And then, before concluding, I will talk about our proposed offer to acquire PotashCorp.During the 2010 financial year, we observed yet more volatility in the external trading environment. Economic recovery continued for the first half of our financial year as markets became more comfortable with the idea of a broad-based economic recovery following the financial crisis.However, after a period of improving sentiment, sovereign debt concerns reemerged in April of this year. And although conditions have stabilized in the meantime, there are some lingering concerns over the health of the global economic system. I will talk to you more about our view of this economic environment later, but let me talk about an overview of our financial results first.Our underlying EBITDA for the year was up 10% to $24.5b. And underlying EBIT was up 8% to $19.7b. Attributable profit for the year was $12.5b before
BHP Billiton PLC	an important strategic driver for the Company.I'm happy to report that we have seen improvement in that area. Our classified injury frequency rate is coming in at a 12 month rolling average of 4.3. That's the best in the Company's history. It's something that I have to say we're never finished with. Safety requires constant vigilance and that is going to continue to be a priority for this management team and this organization. But I'm happy to report that we are making solid progress in this area.Now moving on to the financial side of our business. We've produced a number of record results from a financial point of view for the first half of the financial year 2005.Our EBITDA for that period of time was $5.2b. We had EBIT of about $4.3b and attributable profit rose by 127% from the prior period to $2.8b.Every 1 of our customer sector groups showed a better EBIT performance in this half year than in the prior period. The Company as a whole produced an EBIT margin - that's before our trading activities - of a spectacular 37%. Really an outstanding result and I would also comment our return on capital for the period
BHP Billiton PLC	we were going to put significant time and effort, from a management point of view and a Company point of view, in improving that and getting ourselves back on that road to zero harm.I'm pleased to say that our Classified Injury Frequency Rate for the rolling 12 month period was 4.3, which is the lowest we've had in the Company's history. Safety is never something you can take for granted, it's always going to be an activity that we need to spend time on and that will continue. But certainly, we seem to be heading in the right direction with regard to that.Moving on to the financial results, we've had records in a number of areas. Just a couple to point out. EBITDA was $5.2b for the 6 month period. EBIT was up 95% to $4.3b for that 6 month period. And attributable profit was 127%, to $2.8b. Each 1 of our business units, or customer sector groups, had a result that was higher than its prior period. And the Company, its EBIT margin, before the trading activities, was really -- was a spectacular 37%. That number was about 20% some 2 or 2.5 years ago. So, very good performance.
BHP Billiton PLC	I will be your operator for today's call. For the duration of the call you will be on listen-only. (Operator Instructions).&nbsp;I am now handing over to the host of today's briefing, BHP Billiton's Chief Executive.MARIUS KLOPPERS, CEO, BHP BILLITON PLC: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to today's presentation of BHP Billiton's preliminary results for our 2011 financial year.I'm speaking to you here today from London; and Alex Vanselow, our CFO will be presenting from Sydney. I'm also pleased to note that we are joined by members of the BHP Billiton Management Team for this important presentation. We have Andrew Mackenzie here with me in London; Marcus Randolph is with Alex in Sydney; and Alberto Calderon and Mike Yeager are joining us on the telephone lines.Before we begin, I would like to point you to the disclaimer and just remind you of the importance of that disclaimer in relation to today's presentation.With regard to today's format, I will start by providing a general overview of what has been another strong and perhaps busy year for BHP Billiton. I will then hand over to Alex who will go into the financial results in a little bit more detail; after which, I will discuss
BHP Billiton PLC	little bit about our views on the macroeconomic environment. And I also want to share a few words with you about our strategy and plans.During the December 2009 half year, we did see a strong recovery in demand and prices for most of our commodities compared to the first half of calendar year 2009. The rally in prices and demand was driven by strong recoveries in China and India and, lately, by start of restocking in the developed economies. However, we do want to note that this run-up in demand depends on government stimulus and low interest rates in both the OECD as well as in China.And before turning to our financial results, I do want to point out that, while commodity prices have generally recovered compared to the first half of the calendar year, they are still lower than the comparable reporting period, which we report against, which is the second half of the 2008 calendar year.And, mainly, on the back of these lower prices, compared to the comparable period, our underlying EBITDA for the half was down 22% to $10.8 billion, underlying EBIT down 28.5% to $8.5 billion and, apart from prices, which you will see in Alex's
BHP Billiton PLC	of what has been a very strong six months with BHP Billiton. I will then hand over to Alex, who will take you through the detailed financials, and then I will talk to you after Alex has spoken about how BHP Billiton is positioned to continue to deliver that value to shareholders.Today we announced record results for the half year. Our underlying EBITDA was up 60% to $17.3 billion, and underlying EBIT was up 74% to $14.8 billion. Attributable profit was $10.7 billion before exceptional items, and that is up 88%. Our operating cash flow was up by 123%, to $12.2 billion. This strong cash flow and healthy balance sheet meant that we were able to increase our interim dividend by 10% over the corresponding period, and today we also announced a substantial capital management program expanding our programs to $10 billion, which we expect to largely complete within this calendar year.Now let me turn to our operating performance. In addressing performance, I would like to start with safety. Health and safety performance is critical to the well being of our people, and to the success of our company. The substantial effort that we have made in this regard as
BHP Billiton PLC	the industry.Before we begin, I would like to point you to the disclaimer and remind you of its importance in relation to today's results. With regard to the format, I will give a general overview of performance. Graham will then review our financial result. I will then conclude by discussing commodity outlook, as well as our unchanged strategy, which has been the cornerstone of our performance for more than a decade.As we present results today, I'm sure you will notice the congruence between our operating performance and the primary focus areas of the Group, as articulated. I'm proud to say that we are delivering on the commitments we've made. We've reported strong and predictable operating results and our production guidance remains intact. We recognised a change in the environment earlier than others in our industry. As a result, our usual focus on costs has been intensified over the last year and on annualised basis we we've already reduced controllable cash costs by $1.9 billion.Our projects slate remains on schedule and budget. We've made good progress on the ongoing certification of our portfolio and we remain confident of the outlook for our business. This focussed approach and our well established and
BHP Billiton PLC	we tried hard to get them down to two pages and didn't succeed. But they are important in relation to today's presentation, please read them carefully in the materials that you've received.Before handing over to Alex Vanselow to give you a full overview of the financial results, I'd like to start by giving you a brief overview of the results. I'll then cover, after Alex has spoken, our performance, BHP Billiton's perspectives on the macro-environment, supply/demand for our product. And then finally I'll talk about a few aspects of our business and how we're positioned. Then Alex and I will take some questions.So let me talk about the most difficult part of today's presentation, and simultaneously also the most important. It's safety. Over the past year, as we did last year, we had a 20% improvement in our total recordable injury frequency rate, which is the measure that we most commonly use to measure our performance. 20% improvement, last year we had roughly the same improvement. And over the past year we've taken down our rate to 5.9%, which is a very, very good achievement by industry standards.However, despite this positive result, despite our severity rates, despite our injury rates
BHP Billiton PLC	Then Alex and I will take some questions.So let me talk about the most difficult part of today's presentation, and simultaneously also the most important. It's safety. Over the past year, as we did last year, we had a 20% improvement in our total recordable injury frequency rate, which is the measure that we most commonly use to measure our performance. 20% improvement, last year we had roughly the same improvement. And over the past year we've taken down our rate to 5.9%, which is a very, very good achievement by industry standards.However, despite this positive result, despite our severity rates, despite our injury rates going down, we still suffered 11 fatalities this year, five of which lie in a helicopter crash in Angola. This is a very difficult thing for a Company to handle that is dedicated to zero harm. These events touch not only the families but also colleagues and operations of those, of those teams that our workers are involved in. And it just shows you that despite our best efforts, despite having made great progress on safety, we've got more to do. And you should understand that this management team, every person in the Company is
BHP Billiton PLC	we begin today I'd like to point you to the disclaimer. I remind you, as always, that's its important in relation to the material that we are going to present today.I'd like to start off by giving a brief overview of results, then I'll hand over to Alex, and then I'll come back and give you a few more thoughts.2009 has probably been the most challenging year that I can recall. Within a 12 month period we went from exuberance in an environment where the industry could not satisfy rampant commodity demand to one in which demand simply evaporated, and then more recently we've seen stabilization.Our results today show that we are certainly not immune to these events, but they also demonstrate that BHP Billiton's unique proposition, based around low-cost assets and our strong balance sheet, unchanged strategy, places us in the unique position to deliver shareholder value over the long term.I'll talk a little later about how we see the demand outlook, but let me begin with our financial results. Our underlying EBITDA was down 21% to $22b, and underlying EBIT was down 25% to $18b.On a percentage terms this means that our results are materially lower than our
BHP Billiton PLC	here in Sydney, is here with us today.Before we begin today, I'd like to point the disclaimer out to you and as always, remind you of its importance in relation to today's presentation.With regards to today's format, I will start off by giving a general overview of our operating performance. Graham will take a little bit more of an in detail look at our financial performance, and then I will conclude by discussing the unique attributes of our strategy that positions us for superior margins and strong investment returns. That is, in the first place, the strong and predictable nature of our financial performance that fundamentally improves our ability to plan for both the short and for the long term. Secondly, the contrasting fortunes of various businesses in our portfolio and the specific actions that we've taken to address those challenges.Thirdly, the latent capacity that is said to be released from our existing portfolio and the strong momentum that will be generated by this release of latent capacity. And then, in the last instance, our commitment to live within our means as we look to exercise the excellent growth options embedded in our world-class portfolio of assets.But let me begin
BHP Billiton PLC	note about safety. There is no more important issue for us. We've had 10 fatalities during this financial year and this has deeply concerned me, the Board and the rest of our Management team. Although our injuries, our statistical rates on injuries and other events continue to show very good progress from already the industry leading levels, the fact is that low injury rates will not prevent fatalities. And the reality is that we've lost 10 of our colleagues. Their families and friends have lost so much more. We clearly need to continue to focus on safety and we will never be successful if we can't achieve our goal of zero harm. There's no single answer, but I do believe that zero harm, which is our stated objective, is the only way to go about this.In the six months that have passed we have continued to focus on our core business and our core strategy despite some of the matters, which I'm sure you're interested in and which we've been contemplating during the last six months. And these core areas for us are, in addition to safety which I have already stated is the absolute overriding and number one commitment,
BHP Billiton PLC	There's no single answer, but I do believe that zero harm, which is our stated objective, is the only way to go about this.In the six months that have passed we have continued to focus on our core business and our core strategy despite some of the matters, which I'm sure you're interested in and which we've been contemplating during the last six months. And these core areas for us are, in addition to safety which I have already stated is the absolute overriding and number one commitment, is operating reliably and efficiently, getting our assets to perform at 100% of their capacity 100% of the time and to execute our growth projects on budget, on time and safely and, of course, in addition to that absolute iron control of costs in what is a very inflationary environment.Now, our set of results, and Alex will give you more details from London, demonstrates our core focus. We achieved record production across the breadth of our business and earnings records for key commodities. Our cost performance has been nothing short of exceptional. We continued our track record of successful project execution achieving first production in seven main projects across five commodities. We
BHP Billiton PLC	goal of zero harm is one that is of utmost importance.&nbsp;Now over the six months that have passed we continued to focus on our core areas of business, despite some of the other activities which I will talk about later. In addition to safety these core areas are operating reliably and efficiently with a focus on cost control and reinvesting in our business for the long term. The set of results that we are about to see demonstrates our core focus.We achieved production records across the breadth of our business and earnings records and key commodities. Our cost performance has been nothing short of exceptional. We have continued our track record of successful project execution, and achieved first production in seven major projects across five commodities. We also approved four new projects.Our cash flow generation has continued to be strong, which apart from reinvesting in our business has allowed us to continue our share buyback program and we completed $8.8 billion of the announced $13 billion program. Today we also declared an interim dividend of $0.29 per share and this is at 45% increase over the same period last year. Whilst we need to be cognizant of the fluidity in
BHP Billiton PLC	address business performance without talking about safety performance. This is something that has deeply concerned me with the fatalities that we've had over the recent months. Although our statistical measures, injury rates show continued progress, we cannot move forward if we don't have fatalities and the reality is that ten of our colleagues have lost their lives. We have lost a lot, but their friends and family have lost so much more. We can't claim to be successful until we achieve our goal of zero harm and we will redouble our efforts, and though I don't think that there is a simple or single answer to eliminating fatalities, the goal of zero harm is one that is of utmost importance.Now over the six months that have passed we continued to focus on our core areas of business, despite some of the other activities which I will talk about later. In addition to safety these core areas are operating reliably and efficiently with a focus on cost control and reinvesting in our business for the long term. The set of results that we are about to see demonstrates our core focus.We achieved production records across the breadth of our business and
BHP Billiton PLC	in a way that is focused on achieving great outcomes for both customers and shareholders. Strong cash flow continues to underpin our expansion. This half we have brought on seven major projects across five commodities. We also approved four new projects worth $1.5 billion.For shareholders our strong cash generation meant that we completed $8.8 billion of a $13 billion buyback program and we declared an interim dividend of US$0.29 per share. This is a 45% increase over last year's interim dividend. In terms of economic overview, while we recognize that there is fluidity and uncertainty in the short-term macroenvironment, we remain convinced that the long-term growth fundamentals underpinned by the [merging] economies are still strong.As you know, we have been very confident about industrialization taking place in China and India and the impact that this is having on our business. I don't see any change to this long-term outlook and we continue to plan and operate our business on that basis.Today we also announced a formal takeover offer for Rio Tinto. Three months ago BHP Billiton announced a proposal to acquire our shares in Rio Tinto by way of a scheme of arrangements. I believe that there is widespread support
BHP Billiton PLC	new projects worth $1.5 billion.&nbsp;For shareholders our strong cash generation meant that we completed $8.8 billion of a $13 billion buyback program and we declared an interim dividend of US$0.29 per share. This is a 45% increase over last year's interim dividend. In terms of economic overview, while we recognize that there is fluidity and uncertainty in the short-term macroenvironment, we remain convinced that the long-term growth fundamentals underpinned by the [merging] economies are still strong.As you know, we have been very confident about industrialization taking place in China and India and the impact that this is having on our business. I don't see any change to this long-term outlook and we continue to plan and operate our business on that basis.Today we also announced a formal takeover offer for Rio Tinto. Three months ago BHP Billiton announced a proposal to acquire our shares in Rio Tinto by way of a scheme of arrangements. I believe that there is widespread support for this compelling logic and the proposal to combine these two great companies and unlock the value that is unique to this combination to both sets of shareholders.Since the announced the proposal we conducted global roadshows and have met
BHP Billiton PLC	to note that low injury rates don't necessarily mean low fatalities. Unfortunately, in the last-- since year to date, actually, until today-- we've had five control fatalities at BHP Billiton. This is an increase from the total number last year, which was three. Once again, the issue is not around our systems; it's around the leadership and around the operating discipline to make those systems work. And this organization is committed to an aspiration of zero harm. That goes from the board to the senior management, all the way through the organization. That focus on that aspiration and delivering that is critical for us, and we certainly strive for that every day - every day that we come to work.Now, moving on, across the business on an operating and financial basis, we did have an excellent first half of this fiscal year. We set six-month production records in ten assets. We had production records in five major products and one minor product. We also hit headline financial earnings records across all those critical financial earnings figures. Underlying EBITDA was up 32% to $10.5 billion. EBIT was up 37% to $9.1 billion. Attributable profit was $6.2 billion, up 41% from the
BHP Billiton PLC	period ended December 2006. People are a critical part of our strategy. They represent the foundation of BHP Billiton, and so spending just a second on safety is important at the beginning of a presentation like this.Underlying injury frequency rates continue to decline in the first half of the financial year. However, low injury frequency rates don't necessarily mean low fatalities or they don't prevent fatalities, and unfortunately we have had five fatalities year-to-date at BHP Billiton. Last year we had three for the entire year, which is an unacceptable number in and of itself.Now the issue, once again, is not our end systems. Our systems are outstanding systems. It is a question of the visible leadership and enforcement of that and operating discipline, making sure we are following those systems. And it is a critical aspect for leadership in this company that you understand zero harm and you carry that through the aspirations of zero harm all the way through the organization, and it is something we focus on every day and continue because we will not run an unsafe operation. So, once again, it is something that is critical for us and we will continue to bring it
BHP Billiton PLC	all but one of our business units and we had some outstanding performances in petroleum, aluminum, stainless steel materials and diamonds and specialty products.But unfortunately we had eight fatalities in our business in 2007. Now obviously that's not only measured in terms of the devastating human impact of that, but it also is an indication that poor performance in safety is also represented in poor performance in our operations. We've often found where there were safety issues in a business, those businesses also had the most difficulty in meeting their operating objectives.In 2008 you'll see this Company focus more intently on the implementation of our fatal risk control protocols, as well as continuing to push down that injury frequency and injury frequency rate.Now moving on to our financial results. Now, great financial outcomes have their foundation in strong operating performance, and 2007 was no different. It comes on the hop of a strategy which was developed a number of years ago where we focused on the essential elements of running our business, those of making sure we operate reliably and consistently, we move to share knowledge across our business, and we also find opportunities to continue to reinvest in what
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	And then, when we've finished, the people who are actually here are invited to have a coffee with us.So, without further ado, I give the floor to the Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Goirigolzarri.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT AND COO, BBVA, S.A.: Good morning, everyone. First of all, many thanks for being here, whether you're here or whether you're listening to us over the webcast. I'd like to thank you for being here.And this third quarter of 2008 is a quarter that we'll remember for many years hence as the most complex quarter lived in the financial sector. I'm sure you know better than I do all the awful things that have been happening. But I wanted to start talking about the backdrop to what's going on because it's a point of enormous satisfaction for me to be able to present these results, which are such good results, against such a negative backdrop in the international industry.So I'm going to make a slightly different kind of presentation from what we usually do, with a slightly different format. Normally, I present the income statement first of all. But now I want to use the first part of my presentation to have a look
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	GamezMerrill Lynch - Analyst* Javier BernatCaja Madrid - Analyst* Carlos PeixotoBPI - AnalystPresentationMANUEL GONZALEZ CID, CFO, BBVA SA: Good morning, everyone. Many thanks for being with us today. As you know, we are going to be presenting the results for the year 2008 and the fourth quarter of 2008. And, as always, Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri, our President and COO, will be making the presentation first of all, after which we will open the floor to Q&A, first of all here from the floor, then we will go through the conference call and the webcast. And Carmen will give us the questions that come over the webcast later.We normally take about an hour and a half for this event, and we are going to have to be quite strict with the timing today because we've got a press conference later, so we we've got to finish at 11. But, as always, all of you who are here in the room today are invited to a coffee here in the next door room, so many thanks.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT AND COO, BBVA SA: Right then. Good morning, everyone, and many thanks for being here; and many thanks for your attention if you're
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	we would be delighted to have a cup of coffee with you after the presentation.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT AND COO, GRUPO BBVA: (Interpreted). A very good morning to everyone and many thanks for your attention and many thanks for your presence as well, those of you who are actually here in the room.Yet again this quarter, we are giving you an analysis of our P&L and, as we usually do, we are going to divide the presentation up into three main parts. First of all, we'll talk about the main features of the Group's results and I'd like to direct your attention to them because they are quite interesting. And then we'll give you an evaluation of the most important highlights of the different business areas that comprise our organization. And then finally we'll end up with our conclusions, as always.Quite honestly, if I had to find a way of describing what BBVA's model really is, I think there are two characteristics that set us apart and form part of our DNA. Namely recurrency and sustainability, and that's been true over the last six years, as you can see in the slides. And it was also very true last year.Right
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	In the developed economies we are seeing that there's still a complex environment with, above all, the difficult situation in Europe.The objective is very clear, to achieve some kind of economic, monetary, and banking union. So we have seen some advance being made towards those objectives with the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive.Looking at the emerging markets we see that they're very buoyant, albeit there has been slightly lower growth rate in some of the emerging economies, but they're still going to be sustaining world GDP growth for the next few years as we see it. So it's still very important to have a business portfolio which is well-balanced and, above all, diversified, exactly what we have in BBVA.If we now look at the highlights of this quarter, the first thing that we'd like to point out is that we have some recurrent revenues which are very sound this quarter, growing even faster than they did in the first quarter of this year.We've got high earnings coming in as well from one-off transactions. Some of them I think all of you know, the sale of the pension business in Mexico, in Peru, and Colombia. These last two have been booked
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	are comparing ourselves against past performance which was pretty good already, but if we compare ourselves against 2005, when we had good performance, in fact we thought it was the best at the time on record, we've got even more record results this quarter.And then we've got some other news that's come through this quarter. One has to do with growth and one with transformation. With respect to growth, as you very well know, we announced the expansion in the United States with the purchase of two banks in a conference call that Manuel Gonzalez had with all the analysts and the financial sector.And then, last week, we also announced that, as part of our transformation plan, we were rolling out a new project for our distribution networks. I hope you'll allow me to start my presentation today referring to these two events. Expansion in the United States and the new strategy we have for our distribution networks. In the United States, as Manuel already said when he made his presentation, I think he gave you all the information, but we have reached an agreement to buy two big banks on the frontier between Texas and Mexico, namely Texas Regional
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	most recurrent business on our income statement, and that's a point of great satisfaction for us because it's based on very standardized success across all the different business areas. Later on, I'll be talking about this in more detail, but we definitely see an improvement in the fundamentals in terms of the sound base they give us, and the kind of yields they're offering.Here you can see the profit figures; it's the attributable profit. And all in all, as you can see in the overhead, we've got an attributable profit of EUR4.45 billion. It's grown 63.4%. As you know there are three one-off transactions; BNL; Andorra and Repsol which would account for 1.57 million on the net attributable profit figures. So anyway throughout this presentation we're going to take away the impact of those three one-off operations and we're going to be talking more about the recurrent results of our Group. And if you look at the recurrent results then, here you can see that in the third quarter the attributable profit went up to EUR1.15 billion with a growth over the first nine months of 21%.And as I was saying before, really this growth in attributable profit is based
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	of 2005, and we will follow the contents you can see on the screen. As we always do, I would like to start by talking about the most relevant aspects of the second quarter at Group level.&nbsp;And then, I will give you a more in depth analysis of all the different business areas.Thirdly, I would like to share some news with you about what's been happening with the BNL transaction, what the state of the art is at the moment. And then I will end with some conclusions.So the main highlights of the first half are that it has been an excellent half year for the BBVA Group, for various reasons. Firstly because, as you will see, we are getting record profits. Record profits in all of the business areas, moreover.And secondly because these record profits are really pushing forward with more and more recurrent earnings, which are based on very strong revenue growth. And then because all of that, as you will see later, means that we are obviously improving our fundamentals, which makes it possible to boost up the dividend.So let us start with the profits. Here, you can see the year on year comparison of the first
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	all we are seeing are more news about the financial sector, which always looked like complicated news.And it is rather the same here because we started this quarter talking about the main issues that we were going to be seeing in it and it's the same issues that we saw in the previous quarter. And a couple of other issues as well.We were talking about uncertainty in the second quarter and here in the third quarter there is only one thing which has really changed; the liquidity situation for some of our competitors has improved. There is greater discrimination, we think. But all the other issues are there, on the table; the deleveraging that we are seeing in all businesses, which began in 2009 and went on in 2010; the deterioration of the quality of assets above all here in Spain; the level of competition, as well, that we are seeing in the domestic market here in Spain. Everybody is trying to raise customer funds and that has meant, of course, that the cost has gone up during 2010. Sovereign risk as well is another issue, with a very volatile spread, which has gone up and down all the time
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	Manuel said we will be presenting the results for the first quarter. And for the first time, we are doing it under the new IAS. Anyway the presentation will follow the now traditional format, starting off talking about the most relevant aspects of the first quarter for the group. And then secondly we would give a breakdown for all the different business areas, which we have divided the group up in to and then we will end up with the conclusions.So amongst the most relevant things that happened at group level, we thought we should have an overall view and say that it really was an excellent quarter with strong growth concerning what we said at the beginning of the year. At the beginning of the year in the presentation of the 2004 results, we said that 2005 was going to be another year of strong growth and indeed it has been in the first quarter with a growth in attributable profit as you can see there of 20%. Attributable profit is E815 million for the quarter. Now that's true in year terms, but also in quarter-on-quarter terms.Here you can see the patterns for our attributable profit quarter by quarter.
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	last year. We are still seeing uneven growth in different geographical areas. The emerging markets are definitely becoming the driving force of world growth in GDP. And 2011 has seen growth of over 7% in these emerging economies where we're operating, and for 2011 we're expecting 6% growth by the end of the year there.If we then look at the developed economies, there we're seeing slow recovery, again rather uneven, depending on where we're talking about. But we can confirm that progress is being made in terms of governance in Europe, and then also in terms of the launch of plans to consolidate economic recovery in various different countries. So what we yet have to see is how all these plans are actually going to roll out, in reality.Now let's move on to the results of the Group as such. I think there are five key highlights for this first quarter that I want to talk about. First of all, this quarter has seen record results over the last two quarters, thanks to the composition of the Group, the diversification we have of our revenue sources between emerging economies and developed economies. As we'll see later on in the presentation,
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	the second quarter of 2011.&nbsp;I'd like to start just jogging your memory, talking about the kind of environment we're operating in. What's most important is that we're managing two-thirds of the Group's business in a non-crisis environment, and that's very important for our Group.The second thing is that the other third is in a complicated environment. Greece is probably the focus of attention at the moment. But, behind that, we have the entire situation throughout Europe with a lack of integration, a lack of coordination that we're seeing throughout Europe. All of this means that we're seeing a weakening in the growth of the euro area countries' economies and, as a consequence of that, there's some weakness in lending and in banking activity in those countries, which has led to a deterioration in the markets, not just in Europe but across the borders in America as well. And worst of all, with enormous spread on sovereign debt has been something that's hit us especially badly here in Spain and in Europe.But once again, despite that environment, BBVA has very sound results. And the main characteristic is that we have very resilient earnings because of five key factors.We have been rated
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	second bailout plan and the restructuring of the debt, there are still problems. And contagion must be avoided to protect more solvent countries.The second issue is governance in Europe. Here we have to speed up the movement towards monetary and fiscal union in Europe in order to recover confidence and to stabilize the different economies and avoid future crises.Then finally, in this very complex recessive environment in Europe, it's vital to roll out adjustment plans in order to correct some of the imbalances and also to boost competitiveness and get back on the road to growth.With this uneven scenario we see differences in Europe. The peripheral countries are especially badly hit by the recession, including Spain, which is a focus of a lot of attention. And although it's true that Spain is facing big challenges, fiscal consolidation, debt and suchlike, nonetheless its finance industry does have some sound fundamentals. And the data are sometimes better than the average for Europe.And, as I said before, if we look elsewhere in the world, there's a quite different performance. Asia, South America, Mexico, they are all showing very sound growth and dynamic growth in their economies, and of course the United States, where
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	operate. We've got Asia and Latin America with very sound economic growth being consolidated. Then we've got the USA where the economic recovery is still accompanied by rather sluggish growth. And then of course the focus of everyone's attention is on Europe.We could say that Europe and the peripheral countries, especially Spain, are going through perhaps one of the most complicated times we've had since the beginning of the crisis. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that it's a contradictory situation. Why do I say that? Well, because we are witnessing an increase in the distrust in the markets with very high risk premiums, drops in stock exchange indexes. We're seeing what's happening to the euro with continuous drops and downgrades in the rating of different entities within Europe and within the periphery countries.But nonetheless, this half year we've been seeing a lot more going on in Europe; much greater political will to have greater integration in Europe; elections in Greece where the pro-Europe party is won more; a lot of change in the fiscal structure; the approval of a bailout fund with also plans for ambitious growth throughout the EU; plans for a central European bank
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	cup of coffee with us in the next door room once we've finished the presentation and the Q&A. So, without further ado, let's give the floor to Angel Cano.ANGEL CANO FERNANDEZ, COO AND PRESIDENT, BBVA S.A.: (Interpreted). Good morning and welcome to these BBVA results for 2009. As we expected it's been a very complicated year in macroeconomic terms. After starting with a lot of uncertainty and after all the measures taken by the main governments worldwide, the financial markets did stabilize at the beginning of the year. But then in the second half we had to solve all the questions about the speed of economic recovery and also what kind of timing we could expect in the withdrawal of the qualitative easing and other programs and what was going to happen with the public deficit in many countries.So, given that scenario, BBVA once again has stood out because of the excellent earnings it got in 2009. I think it was characterized by magnificent operational profits which have enabled us to really take measures that would anticipate what could happen in the future. We'll be explaining that a bit more later. The idea is to shore up the balance sheet,
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	Chief Operating Officer, will be doing it and Manuel Gonzalez Cid, our CFO, and then we will take questions. And again the sequence will be what we usually do. First of all, taking the questions from the room here, afterwards we take the questions that come in over the conference call, and then at the end, we will go through the questions that come over the webcast.For those of you that are here in Madrid, we've got a coffee for you afterwards. So without further ado I will give the floor to Angel.ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT & COO, BBVA: (Interpreted) Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As Carmen said, this presentation of the BBVA Group first quarter results.First of all then, after 2009 when we hit a record level in our net operating income, I can now confirm what's been happening in our operating income in the first quarter. Once again we've confirmed that we are generating recurrent sustainable operating earnings in the group, and that makes it possible for us to go on shoring up all the quality and risk indices that we have in the Group.And once again in this quarter, we are confirming that our performance is sound. So
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	decided we're doing everything over webcast now, so all the questions have to be over the webcast as well. We won't have people asking questions here or over the conference call. So all the questions that can't be answered because of time limitations, because afterwards we're going to be talking to the media, so we have to keep things short, but Investor Relations will deal with any questions left that are left in the air at the end of the session.The second thing is that this is the first presentation of results that's going to be given by Tomas Blasco, who is now in charge of Investor Relations and Shareholder Relations. We sent out a note yesterday and we've all been talking about this. And you know that we've got two departments; we've got the Shareholder Relations and the Investor Relations departments. But we've brought them together and Tomas Blasco is going to be heading up this new mega department.He's got a lot of experience and has held important executive posts in the Group for the last few years, and has also worked as a consultant to the administration in the past. So Tomas is going to be running the
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	year, but the fourth year since the crisis began. Once again, we have been working in an environment of very high stress. It's been very complex but of course, it was different depending on whether we are talking about the developed economies or the emerging economies.I'm not going to go back into all of the different factors that have already had a big impact on the crisis or even on 2010 in the developed world, but it is very clear that we can draw a certain conclusion from it and many people are, which is that growth is going to be lower when we compare against the kind of growth rates that we had before the crisis and that there is going to be an uneven impact depending on where you live, if you are in an emerging economy or a more developed one. And when we talk about 2010, we can see that growth has clearly been lower in the developed countries especially in the G7 countries as you can see on the screen than it has been in the emerging economies.It is also clear that although this is the fourth year of the crisis, we are still seeing
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	was over 630 basis points.&nbsp;And at the end of the year, we saw that there was a lot of uncertainty regarding the fiscal stability of the United States, as they faced their fiscal cliff. And here in Spain, we had to make a lot of changes to the tax regime which had an impact of over 4 percentage points on the fiscal deficit. And a lot of work was done to restructure the entire financial system.Meanwhile, in the emerging economies, especially those where we are operating, have seen very sound growth in economic terms. And they've been growing at a much faster pace than the developed countries.In this environment, BBVA, as has happened in previous quarters, has once again been able to confirm its strength which is based on diversification and its very reliable business model. We've made a lot of progress in relevant issues like capital, liquidity, where we've managed to cover high requirements for capital as well as provisioning the real estate exposure throughout 2012. We've also been able to maintain our policy of dividend payout.So now let's have a look to see how BBVA has managed what we consider to be the four key drivers to this
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	that it was going to be a year of transition and we'd see a big change between the performance in the developing and the developed economies. And talking about Spain, we said that in Spain we were still, and we will see this when we talk about the first quarter, we're still going to be seeing a drop in lending volumes because of the de-leveraging that was going on here. And we'd see that in many different sectors.We also talked about non-performing assets and we talked about this slight rise that we will be seeing in NPAs for the Group as a whole. But above all that was because of the growth in NPAs in SMEs. And we said that in 2013 we'd probably see that there would be more net additions coming from SMEs, and above all from very specific customers.And the other thing we were looking at was that the behavior of the main lines on the income statement in 2013 was going to gain steam as the year went by as the impacts of the reduction in retail deposits went down and also as wholesale funding became less costly and also as we got the synergies from
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	will be taken from the room, here, for those of you who are actually here. And then we'll take the questions over the conference call. And then, finally, we'll take the questions that come over the webcast, which Carmen will read out to us here. For those of you who've actually come here, as always, we've prepared coffee for you after the presentation if you wish to have coffee with us.So, I can now give the floor to the COO. Thank you.JOSE IGNACIO GOIRIGOLZARRI, PRESIDENT AND COO, BBVA S.A.: Well, a very good day to everyone, and many thanks for your attention. And many thanks for being here, those of you who are here, particularly to follow this presentation.For this quarter two, we are presenting the results of the BBVA and I can say, in advance of the presentation, that we've got very sound results to announce. I'm going to be structuring the presentation into four main areas.First of all, I'd like to go into depth about why we're presenting earnings which are very clearly above expectations. Secondly, I'd like to share some good news with you about what's happening to our risk quality. And, then, thirdly, I'd like to
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	And then Angel Cano will wrap up the presentation with some conclusions.And, as of then, we will open the floor to Q&A session like we always do, first of all, as I say, letting you ask your questions here in the room. And after that we'll take questions over the conference call. Then, finally, we will give a summary of the questions that come through our webcast.For those of you who have come here today to sit in the room to hear our results, you can come and have coffee with us in the next door room afterwards. And I think, without further ado, I'll give the floor to Angel.ANGEL CANO, PRESIDENT AND COO, BBVA S.A.: (Interpreted). Good morning, everyone. Welcome to this presentation of the BBVA results for the third quarter. And as usual -- here we are. Now we've done it. I've found out how this works.As you can see on the screen we're going to start talking about the most significant highlights of the period. The operating income has gone up 13.5%, whilst attributable profit for the quarter was EUR1,380m, and we'll see later how that compares against the same quarter of the previous year.Then in terms
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	of Europe.You -- we can see it clearly when we look at the figures for the performance of the markets, which aren't in the bank stocks' market, and we can see the difference here in the performance of the Eurostoxx 50 and the Eurostoxx 50 Banks.And all of this has meant that this quarter we've had a complicated time on the markets, and also with respect to the environment. Maybe this is where, once again, we've managed to show that our strength is even greater than that of our peers in the three mainstays of business at these kinds of times, that's capital adequacy, funding and the capacity to generate resilient earnings over time.What do I mean when I talk about capital adequacy? Well, that has to do with the capital itself, but also with risks. It's vital to see the capacity to generate capital organically, and it's also important to have quality capital. And we must never forget the track record we have in prudent management, as we anticipate how to use the right levers to keep the capital at the right level.And we also have to look at the risks and, once again, there there's a lot of
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	it didn't reach 4%, it will be more like 3.8%. Asia, without taking Japan into account, will be close to 7.5%. Turkey, 8.5%. And when we look at the most developed countries, both Europe and the United States will be growing slightly above 1.5%. Maybe the most relevant issue here is that the outlook for growth for 2012 are going to be worse than in 2011.Maybe one of the keys to understanding the year is that the focus of the entire international community has been on Europe and the crisis in Europe. But if we compare the situation now against what we had a year ago, there has been clear progress.First of all, there have been widespread changes in governments, in countries where they were having difficult problems in achieving their fiscal targets. Secondly, during 2011 we've seen fiscal adjustments and corrections in order to achieve the budget targets by the end of 2013.The measures taken at the end of 2011 by the European Central Bank have clearly lightened the tension in the market. And with the negotiations on Greek debt coming to an end, it's been possible to bring down the risk premium for peripheral countries bit by bit.
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	order to ring fence the situation here. A message has been put out that everything that's necessary will be done in order to show that the euro is irreversible. And this message, later on, was seconded by the main European leaders.The second thing that has happened has been the progress being made towards banking union, with the backing of the European Central Bank. And this union will be put in place during 2013.And then thirdly, the restructuring of the Spanish financial system, which is rolling out as established in the Memorandum of Understanding.Looking at the results of the recent tests -- stress tests in Spain, we've seen two things. First of all, that we know how much capital is needed in the system. And this is well below the EUR100b that Europe is willing to offer for a financial bailout. And secondly, it's been possible to establish the perimeter of the entities in the Spanish system that actually have problems.Having said that, we can't rest on our laurels or be complacent because there's a lot of work yes to do -- yet to do and a lot of challenges. So from now to the end of the year, all the
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	in which we're presenting results which, as you'll see, are very sound at Group level despite the circumstances in which we're operating. It's also a special point of satisfaction to be here because it's the 25th time I present results.But anyway, as always, we'll be following the usual order that we've established for these presentations so that it's easier for all of you to see the performance of the Group over time. This quarter there is a slight change, however. Normally, we were reporting Mexico and the United States as one single area, but now we're going to be reporting Mexico separately from the United States.First thing, the results for the Group. Despite the economic environment in which we are working, they're really sound. So yet another quarter they're sound, and they originate at the very top of the income statement with the most recurrent business with revenues growing. Moreover, although in all situations it's important, in this kind of situation it's especially relevant to get the right kind of management efficiency and risk quality, and management of liquidity and capital ratios. And you'll be seeing during the presentation that our results show that we are a profitable Group that's
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	quarter. Perhaps the United States has taken up a lot of the news during this time.It was the main headline quite often. But, finally, the impact we've actually seen has been quite limited from the shutdown.And then the outflow of funds coming from the possible tapering and the easing off of the quantitative easing have pretty well flattened out. The international markets have shown very positive performance throughout the quarter.Meanwhile in Europe, more progress has been made along the right path, moving towards the definition and implementation of the single banking supervisor and the resolution mechanism. And then, finally, here in Spain the rate of recovery is being slow and will continue to be slow over the next few months. But nonetheless, what we are seeing is that it's likely that there will be progressive growth of the economy over the next few quarters, even if there are maybe two, maybe three more quarters in which we will see overall deleveraging in lending here in Spain.Now, before I look at the main highlights of the BBVA earnings, risks, liquidity, etc., there were a couple of things that I think are especially significant, that we have filed this quarter. The first
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	growth, which has a big impact on our net interest income.&nbsp;Our efficiency is improving because of the outcome of our transformation plans, which we started to roll out at the end of last year. We are also going to be recording a record quarter for operating profit, although it's a first quarter. And then you'll see that we've got very consistent performance in all the business areas.And, finally, I want to just say that these results give us high attributable profit without one-offs, despite the high volatility of exchange rates, which would had an impact of about 8% during the quarter. We've done two operations which you know a lot about, I know. First of all, the agreement with Compass in February, and then the divestment of our holding in Iberdrola.So that gives us this profile [in attributable] profit. In attributable profit for the first quarter you can see the impact of the disposal of the Iberdrola holdings. Without one-offs, our earnings per share, despite the capital increase we had in the fourth quarter of last year, would be growing at 17.4%.But probably it's best to analyze what's happening to our attributable profit without one-offs. And here you can see
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA)	the Group. As usual, the indices we're going to be giving will, first of all, look at the results of the Group, and then we'll have a more exhaustive analysis of all the different business areas into which our organization is structured.So let's start with the overall Group earnings. As you'll see later, we are presenting a record quarter. It's record in terms of all the different lines on the income statement, including attributable profit. They show the highest volumes that we've ever recorded in any one quarter in this Group.So let's start by looking at what's been happening to net attributable profit. That is our usual, because I think it's easier to distinguish between net attributable profit with and without one-off items. The published figure, as you can see, is EUR3.37 billion, which is a growth of 1.1% against the same period the year before. But, if we focus on the recurrent profit without one-offs, and, from now on, all my analysis will be without one-offs, you can see that the attributable profit this semester has gone up 20.4%.The earnings per share are growing at 14.9%. As I said earlier, what we're showing is the biggest net attributable profit
Barclays Bank PLC	these opportunities will be the test of John Varley and his senior leadership team, which in my view compares very well with any in our industry in the UK or globally.&nbsp;Now nothing gives me more pride nor more optimism than the competence and commitments of these outstanding executives. And the five years ahead should outshine the last five by far.We are today bigger, stronger, better regarded. We are in good shape, fit for purpose, and well-positioned to accelerate growth.By the late 1990s, the story of Barclays had reached a critical juncture, and it faced a myriad of problems, both internally and in the market. And yet even then, Barclays was special. It had a great brand and the loyal base of customers and staff that often accompany such a long and illustrious history. What was lacking was a clear strategy, demanding objectives, a passion to outperform, a sense of urgency, and a resolve to break out of the pack and emerge as one of the premiere financial services organizations in the world. And though profitable, we were a chronic underperformer. Well, we needed to get our act together, and fast, and we have gotten our act together.It's not all been
Barclays Bank PLC	ago. And in that letter we talked, amongst other things, about the fact that we were changing the date of this presentation. So I'm very grateful to all of you for managing to accommodate the change in the schedule.Now this morning we're going to have three presentations. Two, as usual, are going to be by Chris Lucas and by John Varley; but the third is -- the third presenter -- third presentation is new, and it's going to be by Robert Le Blanc, who is well known to some but not all of you. Robert is our Group Risk Director and he's going to cover the field of risk management and our risk portfolio. And in doing so he's going to draw on a number of the key disclosures that we have made in our results this morning.The consequence of all this is the running time for the presentation will be a little longer than usual, but there will be plenty of time at the end for questions in the normal way. And of course, as well as the three presenters, there'll also be Bob Diamond and Frits Seegers available to answer questions too.Just to help you not to scribble
Barclays Bank PLC	bank, and our plans to get there, the Transform program. We have been executing this plan at pace, and just five months on are making good progress. I will say more on that shortly.At the same time, we set out a number of financial commitments, including in relation to capital. These commitments were primarily predicated on delivering against a risk-weighted ratio target. But our plans also involved improving our leverage ratio, such that we would achieve a ratio of 3% ahead of the anticipated CRD IV deadline.On June 20, the PRA announced the results of its review on the capital adequacy of major UK banks and building societies. We confirmed at the time that we expected to meet their requirements for an adjusted 7% fully loaded CET1 ratio by December 2013, through planned balance actions, and retained earnings generation. This expectation has not changed.As part of the review, the PRA also introduced a 3% leverage ratio target. Over the past few weeks, Barclays has discussed a number of options with the PRA to meet the target, and was asked to submit a plan to achieve the target by June 30, 2014. This plan has now been agreed by the PRA,
Barclays Bank PLC	the ability of our business to generate premium. Despite a challenging microeconomic environment, we think our larger businesses remain resilient. We continue to maintain our strength and our accustomed position. Components has continued to improve with (inaudible) appetite and the quality of our risk management. Costs remain well-controlled. Excluding transformed charges, we've reduced operating expenses, and our cost-income ratio is moving well in the direction of our 2015 target.[Important to know] financial strength remains the central focus, and we continue to make steady progress in adapting to the new regulatory environment. The plan we've announced this morning will further strengthen our capital and leverage positioning. We've also made good progress with our transform program which is designed to help us deliver our 2015 targets. Our financial performance should be viewed in the light of the significant restructuring costs we've taken, especially in Europe RVB, and the investment bank, as well as the macroeconomic environment.We will be investing in the second half of the year in order to build long-term competitive advantage. With restructuring in investments, are set to achieving our targets, but they will impact our numbers in the intervening period. We've also announced further provisions for [PPI], an interest
Barclays Bank PLC	our competitors. We are not shy about that. It involves being prepared to invest to grow. It involves developing businesses aggressively in response to our view of sources of growth in the industry. It involves creating a good balance of businesses and a broad base of income and profit growth. But it also involves being disciplined about earnings, because we believe in the principal of earn, invest and grow.My first slide shows the growth trends of recent years in each of the income, cost and profit lines. The point it makes is that we have invested heavily through the cost line, which has enabled us to push income. And profits have grown sharply by consequence, especially in the last three years.We've been pursuing the same strategy for several years. It is summarized on the slide in front of you. You know it well. So how are we doing against our own measures, and versus our competitors? My next two slides look at these subjects.The first slide shows you good progress in earnings per share and dividends. Note in particular the uptick in 2003, 2004 and 2005. The next slide shows that we rank fourth in total shareholder return over the
Barclays Bank PLC	execution of a good strategy. But we also know that our owners want us to invest for future growth.&nbsp;Our business model is different to our competitors. We are not shy about that; it involves being prepared to invest heavily in our businesses to grow income. It involves developing businesses aggressively in response to our view of sources of growth in the industry.It also involves being disciplined about generating earnings because we believe in the principle of earn, invest, and grow. You can see these things in our first-half performance as in the performance of recent years. This slide shows the growth trends in each of the income cost and profit lines. The point that the slide makes is that income growth has exceeded cost growth and by consequence, profits have risen quickly, particularly in the last 3 years.Our strategy reflects our views of sources of growth of the industry, our interpretation of how the behavior and needs of customers are likely to change, but our assessment of the asset allocation, footprint, capabilities and attributes that you have to have as a successful universal bank. So let me go to strategy. Our ambition is to position Barclays as one of the
Barclays Bank PLC	at &pound;2.7b. Earnings per share and economic profit are up 4% and we had a return on equity of 23%, enabling us to declare a dividend per share of &pound;0.092, a 12% increase on last year.There's been strong income growth, which is up 14% at &pound;7.9b. 95% of this growth in income was organic. And 53% of our income was non-interest income. We're continuing to invest for the future, so cost growth is up at 14%, in line with income growth. Impairment charges are up by 20%. This is in line with the growth in loans and advances over the period.The growth in profits is well spread, and not overly dependent on any one area. Our productivity program in U.K. Banking is making good progress, and we're seeing the payback from recent investment in our global product businesses, which has delivered outstanding results once again.Most of all, we're seeing the benefits of diversification in our universal banking model. It's a measure of our strength and breadth that even when Barclaycard profits were down, we're able to report strong profit growth as a Group.So let me give you a bit more detail on each of the business areas. In U.K. Banking,
Barclays Bank PLC	to you, Naguib.NAGUIB KHERAJ, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS BANK: Good morning. We had another strong year of growth in 2004 with profits before tax up 20 percent and very good momentum across all the business divisions. Most of this growth has been organic as opposed to by acquisition.These results continue a strong trend. Over the last five years, Barclays has delivered a compound annual growth rate in profit of 13 percent, which shows clearly that our strategy is working and we can see the momentum to sustain this trajectory into the future.As you know, there's a change in accounting standards in 2005 and we'll be publishing our results under IFRS in May, but today they're all on UK GAAP.Starting with the headlines, profit before tax was up 20 percent at 4.6 billion pounds. Earnings per share are up 21 percent and our return on equity was 19.2 percent, enabling us to pay a dividend per share of 24p, a 17 percent increase from 2003.There's been strong income growth, which is up 1.5 billion pounds or 12 percent. Net revenue, or income less provisions, was up 16 percent. A strong growth in fees and commissions meant that over half our income
Barclays Bank PLC	journey. They show that we are making clear progress.Chris will take you through the numbers in detail, but before he does, I would like to discuss the results in the context of the four execution priorities I laid out in February; capital, returns, income growth and citizenship.Let me start with capital. We increased our core Tier 1 ratio from 10.8% to 11% during the first half. This is the result of our ability to generate and retain earnings, despite making a GBP1 billion provision for payment protection insurance. As you know, we've agreed to settle all PPI claims as quickly as possible. This was the right thing to do for our customers.We are giving numbers today that exclude that one-off provision, as well as own credit gains. By doing this, we aim to give you a better understanding of the business performance on an underlying and ongoing basis.Of course, we recognize that there are concerns about Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal and Ireland, so we have also given you a detailed and transparent breakdown of our assets in these markets. Chris will take you through these later, but it is important to understand these exposures in terms of the businesses they
Barclays Bank PLC	we are not going to add to that debate today, we do acknowledge the impact it has had on Barclays' reputation. The Board understands clearly the need to address the issues which have been raised, and to deal with the current management uncertainty.The Barclays management team, together with our 140,000 employees around the world, is already focused on moving forward. We are committed to serving our customers and our clients, and to contributing positively to the many communities in which we operate.We are well positioned to continue to deliver for the Bank during this interim period, while the Board completes its process to identify a new Chairman and a new Chief Executive.Despite not having a CEO, we continue to make effective and efficient decisions. As you know I chair the Group Executive Committee, and this comprises the Executive Heads of our main businesses and functions. Together we continue to progress our One Barclays imperative, along with a number of other initiatives of which you've heard much over the past 18 months.Importantly, we remain committed to maintaining Barclays' position as a leading global universal bank, underpinned by a strong and diverse set of businesses.We've also begun the process of repair and
Barclays Bank PLC	that we publish today. It's simply to say that I'm going to be here throughout this session and will be happy, later, to answer any questions you may have on this subject.But as for the results, the plan is that there will be presentations from Chris Lucas, our Group Finance Director, from Robert Le Blanc, our Group Risk Director, and we'll conclude with a presentation by John Varley, our Group Chief Executive.And just to set the time context, we expect the presentations will come in at under the hour, but we will hope and plan to wrap up the whole session by 11 am. Thank you.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS PLC: Good morning, and thank you, Marcus. 2009 was a year of a great deal of activity at Barclays. We've transformed our investment banking platform, we continue to build out our global equities and M&A businesses. In Retail and Commercial Banking we've grown income and actively managed cost to mitigate the impact of market conditions.We sold Barclays Global Investors and retained a stake in BlackRock. And we've taken very significant steps to increase capital, reduce leverage and boost liquidity.You can see the outcome of all this activity in the
Barclays Bank PLC	from a risk perspective. And then thirdly, we've got John Varley, our Group Chief Executive, who's going to put the whole thing into a strategic context.That's going to come in, I hope, at just under an hour, and after that, of course, we'll have time for questions and answers. And in that respect, you'll see on the platform we've got Bob Diamond, the Barclay's President, who will add up to the number of people who will be there to answer questions.So I know you're all very busy. I know this has been a tough week for all of you, and so we'll try and get the whole thing done by 11 o'clock.Before I sit down, can I do what I should do at this stage, which is to please ask you to check that your mobile phones are switched off?Thank you very much.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS PLC: Good morning, and thank you, Marcus.We're reporting strong profit growth year-on-year, resulting from a substantial improvement in impairment combined with a resilient income growth despite relatively subdued market conditions. We're also generating higher returns both on an increased equity base and on risk weighted assets.We've managed capital tightly, leverage was stable,
Barclays Bank PLC	much.BOB DIAMOND, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS PLC: Thank you, Marcus, and good morning, everyone.It's a real pleasure to be here as the Chief Executive at my first earnings session. And it makes me think that John is missing, and I have had a fantastic colleague for 15 years with John Varley, a great boss for the last seven years. I've learned a lot from John over the years, and I think it's so fitting about the man that the last thing he did as Chief Executive of Barclays was to deliver Project Merlin, which took incredible time, intensity, focus, and all the relationships that he could muster. So, I know I have big shoes to fill.Today is going to be as normal. Chris will give a presentation on the 2010 results and 2010 numbers. Then I'm going to take you through a forward look at 2011 and beyond.Before we do that, I'd like to introduce to you the Executive Committee. My theme is execution, and I can tell you that execution is a team game, and we have one hell of a team here, so I want to introduce them before we start.I think all of you know Chris, who is
Barclays Bank PLC	results for 2012. As usual, we're using adjusted numbers to give a better understanding of our underlying performance.Turning now to the headlines; we've made good progress across most of our businesses during the year. Adjusted profits increased 26% to GBP7 billion. Total income was up 2% at GBP29 billion, despite gilt gains of GBP1.1 billion from the sale of hedging instruments in 2011.Impairment improved 5% to GBP3.6 billion, mainly as a result of favorable trends in our UK businesses. This resulted in net income growth of 3% to GBP25.4 billion.We've continued to reduce costs, which decreased 3% to GBP18.5 billion, and our capital liquidity and funding remains strong. Our core Tier I ratio is 10.9%, and our total capital ratio was 17.1%.Adjustments to statutory numbers include a GBP4.6 billion charge on own credit; a provision for PPI of GBP1.6 billion; a GBP850 million charge for redress on interest rate hedges; and a gain on BlackRock. As a result, statutory profits were GBP246 million.The provisions, which include additional charges taken in the fourth quarter which we announced last week, GBP400 million was provided for redress on interest rate hedges. This is based on the FSA's report after a pilot exercise conducted
Barclays Bank PLC	and Rupert Fowden, co-head of Capital and balance sheet Management. As you know, we announce our 2012 financial results yesterday and Antony Jenkins set out our plans to become the Go-To bank. This included a criteria against which we expect to be judged and the specifics that you can hold us liable for. Full details can be found on our Investor Relations website.I'd like to start by briefly summarizing our 2012 results. On an adjusted basis, profits increased to GBP7 billion. Adjustments to statuary numbers include a 4.6 billion charge on credit, a provision for [PPI] of GBP1.6 billion, an GBP850 million charge for address on interest rate hedges and a gain on BlackRock. As a result statuary profits were GBP246 million. Our core Tier 1 ratio at the end of 2012 was 10.9% on a [Basel] 2.5 basis. Our total capital ratio was 17.1% and risk weighted assets was slightly down with GBP387 billion.On the basis of adjusted profit the business generated capital of GBP1.6 billion under CRD IV definitions. This represents a 35 basis points to 40 basis point increase in our common equity Tier 1 ratio. We're also starting to see the resolution of legacy issues and
Barclays Bank PLC	Robert LawLehman Brothers - Analyst* Michael HelsbyMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Manus CostelloMerrill Lynch - AnalystPresentationJOHN VARLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good morning and welcome. I think we're ready to start. I'm joined this morning by Group Chairman, Marcus Agius, who's in the front row and then on stage by my Exco colleagues, Bob Diamond the Group President; Frits Seegers, Chief Executive of Global Retail and Commercial Banking; and Chris Lucas, the Group Finance Director.We're going to do things just slightly differently this morning. We will start with a presentation by Chris on the numbers in the usual way. But then we're going to have Frits and Bob talk about their business areas, giving you the context, giving you the performance details and giving you the outlook. And then I will wrap up.Now, the effect of that will be that we'll take a bit longer in our presentations than we usually do, but I hope you'll feel that that's in a good cause. We want to make sure that we cover the ground properly for you. But we will leave plenty of time for Q&A at the end, I assure you. And our intention is that we'll be finished
Barclays Bank PLC	this morning is a theme of seeking to execute consistently in a difficult environment. So with that, can I ask you please to make sure that your Blackberries and mobile telephones are switched off? And I'm then going to hand over to Chris.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FD, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Good morning and thank you John.We've delivered profits of GBP2.75 billion during the first half, after absorbing significant write downs in challenging market conditions. Income of GBP11.8 billion was at a similar level to the first half of 2007. We've controlled costs well, which has resulted in a 3% improvement leading to a cost income ratio of 56%.Impairment charges were GBP2.4 billion, almost half of which is accounted for by US sub-prime and other credit market exposures. We've delivered a return on equity of 15%, and maintained a cash dividend at 11.5 pence, the same level as this time last year.Turning to the divisional performance I'll start with the headlines before giving you more detail on each of the businesses. In Global Retail and Commercial Banking, UK Retail has performed well. There was excellent profit growth at Barclaycard driven by growth in international cards. And we've continued to build for the
Barclays Bank PLC	will be joined by Bob Diamond, our Group President, and Frits Seegers, Chief Executive of GRCB.So with that format, let's get going. If I could just ask you before I come off the platform to just check that your mobile phones are switched off. Thank you very much. Chris.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FINANCIAL DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS PLC: Good afternoon and thank you, Marcus. We have delivered profits of GBP3 billion in the first half, and at the same time, we have strengthened our capital ratios, reduced our balance sheets and leveraged and improved our liquidity. We have achieved this as a result of very strong income growth, which has enabled us to absorb further credit market losses and rising impairment in a weak economic environment. The strength of this performance is based on the diversification of our business model, the universal banking model.In general, my comments today will compare the first half this year with the first half of 2008. Starting with the group as a whole, profit before tax was GBP3 billion, up 8% year on year with very strong income growth of 37% to GBP16.3 billion for the especially strong performances in Barclays Capital and Barclaycard. Impairment charges for the
Barclays Bank PLC	were well diversified, geographically, demonstrating the strength and diversification of the universal banking model.Importantly, our major businesses also improved their market share. While top line income was down 8%, in a difficult environment, income grew in five of our seven businesses, and impairment improved 33%.We controlled costs tightly, so that we now have the confidence to double our cost-reduction target for 2013 to GBP2 billion. We reduced performance-related pay by 25%, while profits were down just 2%.At the same time, our capital ratios have continued to strengthen. We have a deep pool of high-quality liquid assets, and we have good access to a range of funding markets. This financial strength gives us a significant competitive advantage.We recognize the importance of dividends to shareholders, and we are pleased that we're able to increase the dividends by 9%. We have delivered these results by playing an active role in the real economy.Let me give you a few examples. Our lending to UK businesses exceeded targets set under Project Merlin by 13%. And, within that, we exceeded our lending targets for small businesses. We supported more than 100,000 UK start ups in 2011.Bank of England data showed that UK net lending was down
Barclays Bank PLC	in the second half. UK Retail delivered pleasing profit growth. In Barclaycard, very good profit growth was driven by strong international growth and improved impairment in UK cards. And International Retail and Commercial Banking established real momentum in expanding the business.I'll give you the headline numbers before I go into more detail. Profits for the full year were over GBP7 billion, 3% up on an outstanding performance in 2006, excluding business disposals. Earnings per share were 68.9p, this is after net losses of GBP1.6 billion from subprime and related exposure. About half of this is reported in the income line, the other half is in impairment. I'll talk about this in more detail later.Income grew 7% and cost growth was well controlled at 4%. The Group cost income ratio improved 2 percentage points to 57%. Return on equity was 20% and we've increased the dividend by 10% to 34p.Moving now to our divisional performance in Global Retail and Commercial Banking. In UK Retail Banking profits grew 9% to GBP1.3 billion, benefiting from the work we've done to improve the franchise in recent years. Income grew 2% to GBP4.4 billion excluding settlement from prior year overdraft fees of GBP116 million. A
Barclays Bank PLC	is, Chris will kick off and then I will give you some remarks following that. And then, in the usual way, we will be open for your questions. Our intention is to finish by 11 o'clock latest. You're very welcome, I hope you have a productive session with us, thank you.CHRIS LUCAS, GROUP FINANCE DIRECTOR, BARCLAYS BANK PLC: Thank you, John, and good morning. We delivered over GBP7 billion of profit in 2007, showing the benefits of diversifying the business in recent years. Our Investment Banking and Investment Management businesses performed well, despite market turbulence in the second half. UK Retail delivered pleasing profit growth. In Barclaycard, very good profit growth was driven by strong international growth and improved impairment in UK cards. And International Retail and Commercial Banking established real momentum in expanding the business.I'll give you the headline numbers before I go into more detail. Profits for the full year were over GBP7 billion, 3% up on an outstanding performance in 2006, excluding business disposals. Earnings per share were 68.9p, this is after net losses of GBP1.6 billion from subprime and related exposure. About half of this is reported in the income line, the other half is in
Barclays Bank PLC	tax was up 35%. Earnings per share increased 32%. Our return on equity was 25% and economic profit was up 54%.Profits in 2006 included about GBP320m of gains from business disposals. Excluding these, earnings per share were up 23%, enabling us to increase the dividend by 17% to GBP0.31 a share.Absa made a very strong contribution to earnings in its first full year. Excluding Absa, income grew 18% and costs were up 13%.Our pre-tax profits were up GBP1.9b, just over GBP1b was delivered by organic growth in Investment Banking and Investment Management. Global Retail and Commercial Banking contributed profit growth of more than GBP750m even though Barclaycard profits were down GBP250m.There was a step change in International from Absa's first full-year contribution, and a big advance in U.K. Banking. About half our profits were generated from outside the U.K.Turning to the individual businesses. U.K. Banking profits grew 17% to GBP2.6b. In U.K. Retail, profits were also up 17% driven by broadly based income growth of 7%, with strong contributions from personal customer savings, local business and Premier. Average customer deposits grew 8%, supported by our new regular saver product.Mortgage market share has turned around with improved processing and new products.
Barclays Bank PLC	organic development. The planned merger with ABN Amro is a different route to the same end, profit growth through earnings diversification. Either way, the investment story for shareholders is strong.When I look at the subject of implementing our strategy and at our performance in the first half of 2007, what I'd say is we've been keeping at it, and that we've been doing what we said we would. Three years ago at this presentation I talked about our priorities. In particular, I said that there were certain things that we wanted to see in our performance over the short and medium term. On this slide, I summarize those priorities, and I try to capture alongside each objective the essential point of delivery in the ensuing period.We said that we would strive for higher growth. First half profit in 2007 exceeds full year profit in 2003. We said that profit diversification outside the United Kingdom would help us to achieve this higher growth, and we've gone from 20% non-UK to 50% non-UK. We said that an increasing ratio of non-net interest income to NII would be a sign of growing financial health. We've gone from 45% non-NII in 2003, to 60%
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	of the release and the tables.&nbsp;So, let me begin with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements regarding the Company's expectations, regarding future financial results and the development of the Company's pipeline products. Such statements are based on management's current expectations, and are subject to the risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release in the periodic reports filed by Biogen Idec -- Biogen and Idec Pharmaceuticals -- that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call, we will have Jim Mullen, our CEO, start with an overview and some opening comments. Then we will have Peter Kellogg, our CFO, walk through merger accounting and guidance. Followed by William Rohn, Chief Operating Officer, to briefly update you on commercial products. And then William Rastetter, Executive Chairman, will make some closing comments before we to the question-and-answer session.For the question-and-answer session, Burt Adelman, our Executive Vice President of development, will join us.Given the complexity of the merger
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	results to differ materially.&nbsp;In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the periodic report Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. And now I'll turn the call over to Bill Rastletter, Executive Chairman.BILL RASTLETTER, EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN, BIOGEN IDEC: Good morning to everyone on the call this morning. In a minute Jim Mullen will introduce the agenda for the call. Five months into the merger I continue to be pleased with the growing list of wins this merger has created. In the past you've heard us discuss how our long-range plan allows Biogen Idec to fund 25 percent more development programs over the next five years based on synergy savings. We've also stated our goal for 50 percent of our pipeline in 2010 to be generated from in-license opportunities we've clearly had greater interest amongst potential partners.In addition to a great quarter most recently, the great news on the accelerated timeline for Antegren highlights one of the synergies of the merger. We anticipate that Antegren, pending FDA and European regulatory approvals, will
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)I will now turn the call over to Miss Elizabeth Woo, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Dennis. Welcome, everyone, to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2008. Before we begin I would encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, to print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.Let me start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our 2009 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and other products, the availability of external growth opportunities, and pipeline advancements.Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. In particular, careful consideration should
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the first quarter 2009. Before we begin, I'd encourage everyone to go to the investor relations section of our web site, BiogenIdec.com and print out the press release and related financial table. You'll find these are particular helpful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and reconciliation to non-GAAP measures discussed today. We have also posted the slides on our web site that outline the topics discussed on today's call.We'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results including our 2009 financial guidance, our longer term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and other products and pipeline advancement. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release, and in item 1 A of the most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements.In addition, we have filed a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC for our 2009 annual meeting of stockholders.
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	IDEC INC.: Thank you. Thank you, Tiffany welcome to Biogen Idec second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of www.BiogenIdec.com to find the Press Release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represent the ongoing economics of our Business and reflects how we manage the Business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.I would like to point out that we will make forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research & Development; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. I'll now turn the call over to George.GEORGE SCANGOS, CEO, BIOGEN
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today I'm joined on the call by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec, Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for Development, and Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. I will now turn the call over to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our discipline and successful execution in 2005 led to very robust performance of the core business, resulting in strong revenue and bottom-line growth, despite a challenging year. In 2006 we anticipate major approvals for RITUXAN in rheumatoid arthritis and TYSABRI in multiple sclerosis. Let me expand on these few points.In 2005 we posted revenues exceeding $2.4 billion, which was topline growth of about 10%; non-GAAP net income of 554 million, which represented 12% growth over the prior year. Revenue performance was driven by RITUXAN and AVONEX. RITUXAN is the number-one selling therapy for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, and is now a $3.4 billion global brand. It is growing 16% in the U.S. and over 50% outside the U.S.
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	pipeline products; and plans for its general growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.This morning I am joined on the call by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for Development; and Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. I will now turn the call to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Within the quarter, we took several steps to secure the continued growth of our core business, specifically achieving major milestones through products TYSABRI and RITUXAN. So let me first describe TYSABRI.We are pleased with the 12-member panel of the FDA's advisory committee voted unanimously to support the reintroduction of TYSABRI as a treatment for relapsing forms of MS. And they also voted 7 to
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	now turn the call over to Jim Mullen.&nbsp;JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Elisabeth. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. The core business demonstrated double-digit growth in the second quarter driven by strong AVONEX and RITUXAN performance. With TYSABRI recently approved in both U.S. and Europe this support therapeutic option is now available to the MS community. We expect TYSABRI will enhance our neurology business and begin to accelerate top-line growth over the coming quarters.Additionally we completed two acquisitions of private companies this quarter and continue to focus on business development opportunities. So let me briefly touch on a few of these topics. I will start with RITUXAN. RITUXAN's continuing strength is evidenced by its mid teens growth rate with U.S. net sales of over half $1 billion in the quarter as reported by Genentech. While the vast majority of the sales are in the hematologic oncology area, we are very excited about RITUXAN's prospects in RA and other autoimmune diseases. Based on our tracking, the RA launch is executing very well against plan, and we're pleased with the activities to date. The combined Biogen Idec and Genentech sales teams are on target
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	risks -- are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the risk factors section of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2006, and other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO, Bob Hamm, Senior Vice President, Neurology business unit, Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President of Portfolio Strategy, and Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. I'll now turn the call to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, CEO AND PRESIDENT, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. No doubt you've all read the press release by now, and you can see what we've seen as well; we've had a very strong performance, financial performance from our core business. Revenues are up 18% and EPS is up strongly, both on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis.TYSABRI rolled out in Q3 in both
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement.Today on the call I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for Development; Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President Finance; and Bill Rastetter, Executive Chairman. And now I will turn the call to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. For Q2 impressive results from Avonex and Rituxan, coupled with operational discipline and effective cost management drove an increase of more than 20% in earnings.Avonex's international performance once again exceeded 20% growth. And that is now 11 consecutive quarters. Avonex has recently established market share leadership internationally. I think that is an important milestone for us. In the U.S. Avonex has long been the leading MS therapy with over 40% share.Rituxan revenues from the joint business arrangement grew over 20% year-over-year. Rituxan's potential immunology is moving forward, first in rheumatoid arthritis with our planned supplemental BLA filing in the upcoming months for anti-TNF inadequate responders.The strong
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.&nbsp;Ms. Kia Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Steve. Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investors section of BiogenIdec.com to find a press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussion related to today's call.As usual we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations and you should carefully review the risk and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slide, earnings release, and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I am joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer of Biogen Idec;
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement.We will be discussing financial information today that includes non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the investor relations section of our website, Biogen Idec.com; and you can print out the press release and accompanying tables for the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today.Today on the call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, our CEO; Peter Kellogg, Chief Financial Officer; Bill Rohn, Chief Operating Officer; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President of Development; and Bill Rastetter, Executive Chairman. For the Q&A session we will have Bob Hamm, Senior Vice President of the strategic business unit Immunology, available for that portion of the call. I will now turn the call over to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate you joining us today. Next month will mark the 1-year anniversary of the merger between Biogen and Idec. When the merger was announced Bill Rastetter and I set out 3 key priorities. The first was a smooth and rapid integration, with a goal really to operate as a single company as quickly as possible.Bill and I applaud organization achieving this
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	of the world's three most successful antibody companies. The other two are Genentech and Biogen Idec, also licensees of our technology.Seven major companies have now licensed rights to our TAP technology -- Centocor, Biogen Idec, Genentech, sanofi-aventis, Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Boehringer Ingelheim and Abgenix. These partnerships provide Wall Street with reasonable comfort that smart, independent parties are willing to spend millions of dollars to access our technology.Importantly, these partnerships increase our shots on goal because our technology gets used with antibodies that are proprietary to other companies and not otherwise available to us -- antibodies like Genentech's Herceptin and Millennium's anti-PSMA antibody. So we can derive a financial return from TAP products that wouldn't otherwise exist.Our business model is to develop our own products and help pay for our programs by out-licensing our technology to select partners. We invest cash we receive from these partners in our own product programs. Indeed, the cash we received from our partners over the past two quarters has covered virtually all of our operating costs, so we have had minimal cash burn so far this year.We started our 2005 fiscal year with $94.6 million and ended up with $93.3 million in cash and marketable securities
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	should be given to the risks and uncertainties described in the earnings release, and in the periodic reports that Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;The company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. We will be discussing financial information today that includes non-GAAP financial measures, as I mentioned earlier if you can go to the website to print those out, it will be easier to follow along.Today on the call, I'm joined by in order of our participation, Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen IDEC, Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance, Bob Hamm, Senior Vice President of our Immunology Business unit, Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President of Development, and Bill Rastetter, Executive Chairman. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you Elizabeth. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. 2004 was a momentous year for Biogen IDEC. A year with numerous successes and a major product approval. Our first full year as a merged entity, Biogen IDEC posted a very strong performance both top and bottom line, consistent with our long-term growth goals.Total revenues were over $2.2 billion, growing 19
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.On today's call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for Development; Peter Kellogg, our CFO and Executive Vice President, Finance; and Bill Rastetter, Executive Chairman. I will now turn the call over to Jim.JIM MULLEN, PRESIDENT & CEO, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you Elizabeth. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us.Well, this quarter certainly didn't finish as it started. There's certainly a lot to talk about. While we're disappointed with the events surrounding our voluntary of suspension of Tysabri, we are working diligently through comprehensive evaluation to determine the appropriate next steps. Even as we focus on this critical ongoing analysis, it is important to emphasize that our core business remains healthy and growing, as evidenced by the underlying strength in the top line revenues.While certainly the Tysabri's situation has been a setback, Biogen Idec is a company with a strong foundation with 1.4 billion in sales last year,
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Kia Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to today's call.As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations and you should carefully review the risk and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slide, earnings release and in the risk factor section of our recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Francesco Granata,
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.WENDY GABEL, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you. And welcome to Biogen Idec's first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Before we begin I would like encourage everyone to go to the investor section of www.biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables one and two. Table three includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results which we believe better represent the ongoing economics of our business, and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release and in the risk factor section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	to Wendy Gabel, Vice President Investor Relations. Ms. Gabel, you may begin your conference.WENDY GABEL, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC: Thank you, Sarah, and welcome to Biogen Idec's Second-Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business, and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our web site that follow the discussions related to this call.As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release, and in the Risk Factor section
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	pipeline products, and plans for external growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earning release and in the periodic reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Burt Adelman, Executive Vice President for Development; Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President, Finance; and Bill Rastetter, Executive Chairman. I now will turn the call over to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us.We previously announced our strategic plan to reduce operating expenses to fund increased business development activities in order to accelerate long-term growth. During the quarter, we have progressed against these goals by accomplishing the restructuring and by signing the partnership with PDL to jointly develop and commercialize three phase II antibodies. Additionally, we achieved several key near term milestones, including completion of
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's fourth-quarter and full-year 2009 earnings conference call. Before we begin I encourage everyone to go to the Investors section of BiogenIdec.com, to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we'll discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that will outline the topics discussed on today's call.As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results, our organization, operational and financial activities and goals, the market potential of TYSABRI and other products, the potential market for our products, and pipeline advancements and regulatory actions. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the Risk Factors sections of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Dr. Al Sandrock, SVP of the Neurology R&D organization; Bob
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and the risk factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC.We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I am joined right Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec, Dr. [Evan Beckman], Senior Vice President of Immunology R&D; Bob Hamm, Chief Operating Officer; and Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. [Rick Montower], Vice President of the US Neurology and Medical Research.Now I will turn the call over to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN: Thank you. Good morning everyone, thank you for joining us.During the first quarter of 2010 we continued to execute on our business strategy and position the company for growth over the long term. Total revenue increased [7]% on a year-over-year basis to $1.1 billion, driven by 32% year-over-year TYSABRI revenue growth.Two items negatively impacted first-quarter earnings, a $13 million increase in rebates mandated by the [Patient Protection and Affordability Care Act], and a $14 million write-down
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	investors' section of BiogenIdec.com to find a press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations, and you should carefully review the risk and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slide, earnings release, and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly report filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I am joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer of Biogen Idec; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Neurology Research and Development; and Paul Clancy, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance. Now I will turn the call over to George.GEORGE SCANGOS, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Okay. Thanks, Kia, and good morning to
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.Ms. Khaleghpour, you may begin your conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's fourth quarter and full-year 2010 earnings conference call. Before we begin I encourage everyone to go to the investors section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to today's call.As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations and you should carefully review the risk and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slides, earnings release, and in the Risk Factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kia Khaleghpour. Ma'am, you may begin the conference.KIA KHALEGHPOUR, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Regina. Welcome to Biogen Idec's first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. I want to thank all the participants on the line for joining us at this early hour. While the timing isn't perfect, it is intended to accommodate the active agenda across the biotech sector. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to today's call.As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor Statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believes, expect, may, plan, will, and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations and you should carefully review the risks and
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	this morning providing earnings results for the quarter and full year 2012. The press release and related financial tables are available on our website under the investor section, as are the slides that follow today's call.I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may vary from our expectations. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail.On today's call I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research & Development; and our EVP of Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Paul Clancy. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by our Vice President of Medical Affairs, Dr. Kate Dawson. I will now turn the call over to George.GEORGE SCANGOS, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thanks, Claudine. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. 2012 was a successful and exciting year here at Biogen Idec. We exceeded our financial goals for the year, enjoyed good performance from our products, made substantial progress moving BG-12 in our
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	Please go ahead.CLAUDINE PROWSE, VP OF IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, and welcome to Biogen Idec's first-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including our reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business, and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.I would like to point out we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail. On today's call, I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos, Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations, Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development, and our EVP of Finance and CFO, Paul Clancy. I'll now turn
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	everyone to the Biogen Idec third-quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Elizabeth Woo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.ELIZABETH WOO, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thanks, Brandi. Welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter earnings conference call 2008. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.Let me start with our Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and other products, the availability of external growth opportunities and pipeline advancement. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	potential of TYSABRI and other products, the availability of external growth opportunities and pipeline advancement. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A of the Company's reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call, I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bill Sibold, Senior Vice President, US Commercial; Dr. Cecil Pickett, President, Research and Development; Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. And now I'll turn the call over to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, PRESIDENT & CEO, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everyone. For the first time in the Company's history, Biogen Idec reported revenues in excess of $1 billion in the quarter. In Q3, year-over-year revenues grew 38% and earnings grew approximately 70%. This is the fourth consecutive quarter where revenues and earnings have increased more than 25%. The core business fundamentals are solid and continue
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. Mr. Hoffman, you may now begin your conference.&nbsp;ERIC HOFFMAN, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Celeste, and welcome to Biogen Idec's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Before I begin, I encourage everyone to go to investor relations website to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we will discuss today. We have also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.As usual, I'll start with the safe harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results, including our 2009 financial guidance, our longer-term operational financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and other products and pipeline advancements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1-A of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC.We do not
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).I would now like to turn today's call over to Eric Hoffman. Please go ahead, sir.ERIC HOFFMAN, IR, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go the investor relations section of BiogenIdec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial matters that we will discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about our expected future results, our long-term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and other products, the potential markets for our products, pipeline advancement, and regulatory actions. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the risk factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	go to the investor section at biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.As usual, we'll start with the Safe Harbor Statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements and are subject to risk and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements.Actual results could differ materially from our expectations and you should carefully review the risk and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slide, earnings release in the risk factor section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I'm joined by Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Francesco Granata, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations, Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research, and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. We will also be joined for the Q&A portion of the call by Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President of Development.
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Before we begin I encourage everyone to go to the Investors Section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in Tables 1 and 2. Tables 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We've also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.As usual we'll start with the Safe Harbor Statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Words such as believe, expect, may, plan, will and similar expressions are intended to identify such statements. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations and you should carefully review the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings slide, earnings release and in the risk factors section of our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I am joined by Dr.
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	- IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC: Thank you, Melissa. Welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Before we begin, please visit the Investor section of BiogenIdec.com to find our press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financial results are summarized in Tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results, which we believe provides additional insight into the ongoing economics, and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow discussions related to this call.I would like to point out that we will be making forward-looking statements, which are based on our current intents, beliefs, and expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. I encourage everyone to consult the risk factors described in our SEC filings for additional detail. Actual results could differ materially from our expectations.Today on the call, I'm joined by -- Dr. George Scangos, Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Doug Williams, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; Tony Kingsley, Executive Vice President of Global Commercial Operations; and Paul Clancy, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	the call over to Ms. Elizabeth Woo, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;ELIZABETH WOO, VP, IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thanks, Dennis. Thank you all this morning for joining us on today's Biogen Idec earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2007.Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. You will find these particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We have also posted slides on the website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.As usual, we will start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and plans for external growth and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	financial results, including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, the sales potential of TYSABRI and plans for external growth and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A of the Company's reports of the Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.In addition, because we have recently received a Board of Directors nomination and bylaw amendment proposal from one of our shareholders, we are obliged to inform you of this and to be sure that our stockholders have access to all the information they might need around this process.Today, on the call, I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bill Sibold, Senior Vice President, US Neurology business unit; Cecil Pickett, President of Research and Development and Paul Clancy, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance. I will now turn the call over to Jim Mullen.JIM
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.In particular careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A of the Company's reports on the Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and in other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.In addition, because we have received a Board of Directors nomination and bylaw amendment proposal from one of our shareholders, we are obliged to inform you of this and to be sure that our stockholders have access to all information they might need around this process.On today's call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bill Sibold, Senior Vice President U.S. Neurology Business Unit; Dr. Cecil Pickett, President of R&D; and Paul Clancy, Chief Financial Officer and EVP of Finance. I will now turn the call over to Jim.JIM MULLEN, CEO, PRESIDENT, BIOGEN IDEC: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Q1 2008 was another great quarter. We delivered record revenues and outstanding financial results in the first quarter as we more than tripled TYSABRI sales
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	After the speakers' remarks there will be and question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;ELIZABETH WOO, VP OF IR, BIOGEN IDEC: Thank you. Welcome to Biogen Idec's first-quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin I'd ask everyone to go to the investor relations section of our website, BiogenIdec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today. We've also posted the slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.I'll start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer term operational and financial goals, sales potential of TYSABRI and plans for external growth and pipeline advancement. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.In particular careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A of the Company's reports on the Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and in
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 Biogen Idec earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Thank you.&nbsp;Ms. Woo, you may begin your conference.ELIZABETH WOO, VP IR, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Biogen Idec's earnings conference call for the second-quarter 2008. Before we begin, I would encourage everyone to go to the investor relations section of our website, biogenidec.com, and print out the press release and related financial tables. These will be particularly useful when our CFO, Paul Clancy, reviews the financial results and the reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures discussed today.We've also posted slides on our website that outline the topics discussed on today's call.Let me start with the Safe Harbor statement. Comments made in this conference call include forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results including our 2008 financial guidance, our longer-term operational and financial goals, and the sales potential of Tysabri and other products, and pipeline advances.Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. In particular, careful
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1a of the Company's reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q and in other reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call, I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bill Sibold, Senior Vice President, US Neurology Business Unit; Dr. Al Sandrock, Senior Vice President Neurology Research and Development; and Paul Clancy, CFO and Executive Vice President, Finance. Now I will turn the call over to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, PRESIDENT, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us.Biogen Idec delivered record revenues and profits in the second quarter. This is the third consecutive quarter in which we have grown revenues by more than 25% year-over-year, and as you'll see from the Q2 financial results, we're in an extremely strong growth cycle.Year-over-year revenues grew 28% and earnings grew 30% in the quarter, driven by continued Tysabri penetration and strong sales from
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	ma'am.CLAUDINE PROWSE, PRESIDENT OF IR, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you and welcome to Biogen Idec's third-quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Before we begin, I encourage everyone to go to the investor section of biogenidec.com to find the press release and related financial tables, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that we'll discuss today. Our GAAP financials are provided in tables 1 and 2. Table 3 includes a reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial results, which we believe better represents the ongoing economics of our business and reflects how we manage the business internally. We have also posted slides on our website that follow the discussions related to this call.I would like to point out that we'll be making forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. I encourage everyone to consult our SEC filings for additional detail.On today's call I'm joined by our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. George Scangos; Tony Kingsley, EVP of Global Commercial Operations; Dr. Doug Williams, EVP of Research and Development; and our CFO, Paul Clancy. We'll also be joined for the Q&A portion of
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our financial guidance for 2007 and future growth rates, the launch and potential of TYSABRI in MS and RITUXAN in RA, pricing and reimbursement for TYSABRI, and plans for external growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in the earnings release and in the risk factors section of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2006, and other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement.On today's call, we have Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec, Bob Hamm, Senior Vice President of the Neurology business unit, and Peter Kellogg, CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. I will now turn the call over to Jim.JIM MULLEN, EVP FINANCE, CFO, BIOGEN IDEC, INC.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. This is the Q4 and the full-year call. I want to put
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	about the Company's expectations regarding future financial results, including our financial guidance for 2007 and future growth rate, the launch and potential of TYSABRI in MS, RITUXAN in RA, reimbursement for TYSABRI and plans for external growth and pipeline growth.Such statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially. In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the Risk Factors section of the Company's quarterly reports and annual reports Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, last, most recently, the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2006. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today, on the call, I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bob Hamm, Senior Vice President, Neurology Business Unit; Cecil Pickett, President of Research and Development and Peter Kellogg, our CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. I will now turn the call to Jim.JIM MULLEN, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC INC: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. I want to just make a few introductory comments. I am very pleased with Biogen Idec's progress on a
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	the launch and potential of TYSABRI in MS and RITUXAN in RA; reimbursement for TYSABRI and plans for its general growth and pipeline growth. Such statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in the item 1(a) Risk Factors section of the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, and other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.On today's call, I am joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bob Hamm, Senior Vice President, Neurology Business Unit; Dr. Evan Beckman, Senior Vice President, Immunology, of our research and development efforts; and Peter Kellogg, our CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, PRESIDENT & CEO, BIOGEN IDEC: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everyone. I am very pleased with the results this quarter. We have made excellent progress on a number of strategic initiatives to grow revenues
BIOGEN IDEC Inc.	sales potential of TYSABRI and RITUXAN, and plans for external growth and pipeline advancements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations.In particular, careful consideration should be given to the risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and in Item 1A of the Company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in other periodic and current reports Biogen Idec files with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements.Today on the call I'm joined by Jim Mullen, CEO of Biogen Idec; Bob Hamm, Executive Vice President; Cecil Pickett, President of R&D; and Paul Clancy, our CFO and Executive Vice President of Finance. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim Mullen.JIM MULLEN, PRESIDENT, CEO, BIOGEN IDEC INC.: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone. We have had an eventful few weeks at Biogen Idec. We will use this call to take you through the details of our quarter, as well as touch on some of the larger topics. I will mention just a few highlights before I turn the call over to Bob, Cecil, and Paul.To start, our business plan is
BlackRock	course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.And with that I'll turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. I will be discussing primarily as-adjusted results. As you have seen, first-quarter net income was $110 million or $0.81 per share, including $1.47 per share of operating earnings; $0.73 per share of non-operating losses; and $0.07 positive associated with favorable resolution of a tax matter. Excluding the resolution, the tax rate was 35%.I thought it would be beneficial to begin by reflecting on the dramatic changes in the external environment over the past year. The Dow was down 38% from March of 2008 to March of 2009. Mining and energy were off between 35% and 55%. And sterling weakened 29% relative to the dollar. During the first
BlackRock	of forward-looking statements. And we call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you all are aware, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today on the call. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.With that, I will get out of the way, and let the call begin. Gary?GARY SHEDLIN, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to be here to present our second-quarter results for the first time as CFO of BlackRock. Today I will provide some opening comments on our financial performance, and also reference selected pages from our earnings supplement, which has been posted on the BlackRock investor relations website. I will be discussing primarily as-adjusted results. These results exclude, among other items, the financial impact of a significant charitable contribution in the second quarter, which I will review in more detail shortly. Finally, I will outline some changes we made to our earnings release to improve transparency and facilitate a better understanding of the drivers of our
BlackRock	INC.: Thank you. Good morning, this is Bob Connolly; I'm General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. And with that I'll turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. Today we're reporting record as adjusted earnings of $2.75; this is evidence that the historic BGI and BlackRock businesses have come together as One BlackRock. There was a strong product performance and customer focus resulting in earnings growth.We've included some supplemental slides in our earnings release for the first time. I'll refer to these slides as I discuss the results. And I'll be talking as usual primarily about as adjusted results.Starting with slide 1, third-quarter
BlackRock	We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors that may cause our results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements we make today.And finally, BlackRock assumes no duty and you should not expect that we will undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that I would like to turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK INC: Thanks, Matt good morning, everyone. Uncertain markets continue in 2012. Markets began the year strong globally, buoyed by hopes for stability in Europe and positive economic data in the US. However, the mood remains fragile and some of those initial gains have sold off as confidence and mood vary with each new data point. You can see that just in the last two days. The initial market improvement and investor activity supported BlackRock's strong first-quarter results with EPS up 7% compared to a year ago, and 3% compared to the fourth quarter. Our financial performance highlights our strong focus on our clients' needs and our ability to work with them supported by the breadth of our product
BlackRock	the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual future results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause those future results to differ materially from what we say today. Finally, BlackRock assumes, and you should understand that we assume, no duty to and do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. So, with that, I will get out of the way and turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. As we sum this quarter, volatile markets, driven in part by political, policy and regulatory uncertainty, continued. Until confidence increases, investors are biased toward short-term [dependence]. We saw this evidenced in the second quarter, based on investor preferences for income products and liquid instruments such as ETFs. World markets continue to fare worse than US markets. Compared to the first quarter, US markets were on average relatively flat, while global, European and emerging markets were down 3% to 6%.Despite these market challenges, BlackRock delivered a strong 39.2% operating margin
BlackRock	Connolly. I'm general counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry and Ann Marie and Sue Wagner, our Chief Operating Officer, make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Ann Marie Petach, BlackRock, Inc. - CFO [3]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good morning everyone. As usual, I'll be discussing primarily as adjusted results. Third quarter as adjusted net income was $293 million or $2.10 per share. This includes $1.86 per share of operating earnings and $0.24 per share of non-operating earnings. Net income improved 23% compared to second quarter and 28% compared to a year ago. Note that the third quarter GAAP results included a $45 million deferred tax benefit related to a tax law change. We've excluded this
BlackRock	Before Larry and Ann Marie make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we make a number of forward-looking statements, we call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors that may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. I'll now turn the meeting over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. We're reporting earnings for the first time since the December 1st acquisition of BGI. As you will see from the results, earnings have been positively affected by a combination of the BGI acquisition, continued strength in new assets, positive markets, continued cost discipline and strong business momentum. I'll be discussing primarily as adjusted results.Fourth-quarter net income was $379 million or $2.39 per share, including $2.34 per share of operating earnings and $0.05 per share of non-operating earnings. Net income improved 29% compared to third quarter and over four times compared to a year ago. The December
BlackRock	to point out that during the course of this conference call we will make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. As we report first-quarter earnings, we are reporting our first full quarter of results including the BGI transaction, which closed on December 1. Due to the size and transformational nature of the BGI transaction, the acquisition is the single largest driver of the comparison to prior period results. Therefore, I will discuss the revenue and cost components of the combined business and the positioning of the business relative to key market trends with a shortened discussion of period-over-period results.We are pleased with the progress of the integration and the capabilities of the combined business. As usual, I will be discussing primarily as-adjusted results.First-quarter net
BlackRock	during the course of this conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. And as you know, BlackRock as filed with the SEC reports, which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements.Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. As we report second-quarter earnings, we are pleased with the progress of the integration and the additional capabilities of the combined firm. Since the BGI transaction, we have delivered consistently strong results despite market volatility while continuing to reinvest in the business for future growth.Our results have produced strong positive cash flow, allowing us to reduce our commercial paper balances to about $180 billion.ROBERT CONNOLLY: Million.ANN MARIE PETACH: Million. This is down from $3 billion where $2 billion was replaced with long-term debt and the remaining reductions have been funded out of operating cash flow.We are announcing that the Board
BlackRock	Good morning, everyone. It's Bob Connolly, I am General Counsel of BlackRock. Before Larry, Ann Marie, and Sue make their remarks, I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements.I will now turn it over to Ann Marie for her comments. Thank you.ANN MARIE PETACH, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. This morning we are reporting record as-adjusted fourth-quarter earnings of $3.42 and record full-year earnings of $10.94. I would also like to welcome to the call our new shareholders. In December, Bank of America and PNC sold about 59 million shares or about 30% of our total shares outstanding into the market. As a result of that transaction, now over 50% of our shares are owned by shareholders other than our three strategic investors.Looking at
BlackRock	Before Larry, Ann Marie and Sue make their remarks, I want to point out thatduring the course of the conference call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. And finally BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.And with that I'll turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK INC: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. This morning as we report first quarter earnings, we're delivering a top-line revenue story. Today we announced earnings of $2.96. This is up 23% compared to a year ago, and those earnings are being driven by top-line revenue growth up 14%. Our revenue growth is a combination of both market, but importantly strong organic growth. And we are seeing that organic growth consistent with a number of the themes we've been discussing.You saw strong revenue growth related to retail, flows -- that's both US and internationally and
BlackRock	out that during the course of this call, we may make a number of forward-looking statements. I call your attention to the fact that BlackRock 's actual results may differ from these statements. And, as you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.So, with that, let's let the call begin.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Okay, thanks, Matt. And good morning, everyone. Just a very brief comment. A number of our shareholders, clients and employees are in Boston, so our thoughts are with all of you in Boston.But moving on to BlackRock, I am happy to say that Gary Shedlin is joining us for today's call, and will be assuming the CFO title and responsibilities after this quarter's 10-Q. I am also pleased to be turning over the reins at a time when the business is doing well, and when there is terrific momentum with our clients, our performance and markets. Gary has been a key adviser to the Firm. And given his knowledge of
BlackRock	attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward- looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to start out just mentioning that our third quarter reported GAAP reports are $1.62 per share, but from here forward, I'm going to focus on as adjusted results. I would note that in our press release was included an as adjusted measure for both operating and non- operating results. We previously have not shown an as adjusted measure for non-operating. We thought it was helpful to adjust for the same deferred compensation related movement but we have been adjusting for an operating. As one effectively hedges the other. The investment income and non-operating exactly offsets the compensation related expense in operating.Third quarter as adjusted earnings are $229 million, or $1.71 per share. The as adjusted results reflect as adjusted operating income of $431 million, or
BlackRock	turn it over to Ann Marie.&nbsp;ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to start out just mentioning that our third quarter reported GAAP reports are $1.62 per share, but from here forward, I'm going to focus on as adjusted results. I would note that in our press release was included an as adjusted measure for both operating and non- operating results. We previously have not shown an as adjusted measure for non-operating. We thought it was helpful to adjust for the same deferred compensation related movement but we have been adjusting for an operating. As one effectively hedges the other. The investment income and non-operating exactly offsets the compensation related expense in operating.Third quarter as adjusted earnings are $229 million, or $1.71 per share. The as adjusted results reflect as adjusted operating income of $431 million, or $2.09 per share, and as adjusted non-operating losses of $79 million, or $0.38 per share.Going to first discuss operating results. I'll come back to non-operating in a minute. As adjusted operating results are up 2% compared to the third quarter of 2007, and down 3.5% compared to the second quarter. Year to date operating earnings $1.3 billion, are up
BlackRock	I want to point out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists the factors that may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements.With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our chief financial officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. I will be discussing primarily as-adjusted results.Second quarter net income was $239 million. That is $1.75 per share and includes $1.44 per share of operating earnings, $0.20 of non-operating income and $0.11 favorable associated with resolution of tax matters. Excluding the resolution of tax matters, the tax rate was 35%.During the second quarter we saw substantial improvements in equity and fixed income markets compared to the first quarter. These improvements and market tone positively affected long-dated asset flows as investors began to pull out of cash and seek higher returns.While markets are still well below year-ago levels, market improvements positively
BlackRock	you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK INC: Thanks Bob. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that really, despite an adverse and volatile market in recent months, BlackRock delivered strong results in the quarter. It's a confusing environment out there. Clients more than ever are looking for advice and solutions in the face of uncertainty. And BlackRock's diverse mix of business leaves us well-positioned to meet their needs.BlackRock was able to provide tools and products that were especially important to investors in this environment. We experienced large index flows in both our institutional ETF products. The liquidity of these products allowed clients to react rapidly to the environment, and, more efficiently, move into or out of asset classes. We generated inflows into multi-asset class products across each of our channels. BlackRock is uniquely suited to meet the growing demand for these products. We
BlackRock	forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements.As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Ann Marie to discuss our financial results. Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thank you, Patrick. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining. I know it is a busy earnings morning out there today. I want to take you through the financial results for the quarter and the full year, which were quite positive, given the extraordinary global market volatility.BlackRock delivered strong financial results this year, with full-year EPS up 8%. This performance highlights the strength of the Company, the breadth of our product set and our global footprint. Combined with our risk tools, these strengths uniquely position us to meet the diverse needs of clients in this challenging environment.While flows for the quarter were strong relative to the industry, we were not immune to the impact of the current markets
BlackRock	will turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, SENIOR MANAGING DIRECTOR, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. We have a lot to cover today. (inaudible - technical difficulty) I will provide some brief comments, then move to the earnings supplement.We generated a record EPS of $3.47 per share this quarter, reflecting increases in both operating income and revenues of between 3% and 5%. That's compared to both a year ago and to the second quarter. Results were also supported by an increased 40.7% operating margin that reflects strong cost discipline and performance. Our earnings growth this quarter reflected the diversity and strength of the BlackRock platform across products, styles, and regions, our focus on clients and performance, and Larry is going to talk a lot more about both of those, and building our brand, which I'm going to talk a little more about, and an increase in investor confidence.The market tone improved materially in the third quarter. Average world markets improved more than 3% sequentially, and almost 5% compared to 2011. This led clients to seek the tools to move quickly back into equities, and generated overall positive business momentum. We had 22 billion of inflows into
BlackRock	With that I will turn over to Paul Audet, our Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;PAUL L. AUDET, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning. Our first quarter results clearly reflect two different stories. One, very strong core business operating fundamentals, but also the impact of adverse financial markets on nonoperating income where we saw earnings decline by $0.12 associated with nonoperating income, as opposed to a contribution of $0.16 for the first quarter of 2007, and $0.10 for the fourth quarter of 2007.First let's discuss core business. Operating income as adjusted totaled $417 million for the first quarter. This represented an increase of 34% compared to the prior first quarter, prior year first quarter. On a per-share basis operating earnings increased 41% to $2.02 compared with a $1.43 earned in the first quarter of 2007. Adjusted operating margin also rose in the first quarter to 37.6% compared to 36.7% in the first quarter of '07. These results were driven by organic AUM growth over the past twelve months which totaled $158 billion, including $35 billion of organic flows in the first quarter of 2008.Long dated organic asset growth over the last year totaled $56 billion or approximately 6%. Cash management assets increased over $102
BlackRock	of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements. With that I will turn over to Paul Audet, our Chief Financial Officer.PAUL L. AUDET, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning. Our first quarter results clearly reflect two different stories. One, very strong core business operating fundamentals, but also the impact of adverse financial markets on nonoperating income where we saw earnings decline by $0.12 associated with nonoperating income, as opposed to a contribution of $0.16 for the first quarter of 2007, and $0.10 for the fourth quarter of 2007.First let's discuss core business. Operating income as adjusted totaled $417 million for the first quarter. This represented an increase of 34% compared to the prior first quarter, prior year first quarter. On a per-share basis operating earnings increased 41% to $2.02 compared with a $1.43 earned in the first
BlackRock	out that during the course of this conference call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which lists some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. And finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Hello. I am just going to walk you through the highlights of our results for the quarter. Second quarter reported results are $2.05 per share. Second quarter as adjusted earnings are $285 million or $2.14 per share. The as adjusted results are up 13% compared to $1.90 in the first quarter and up 19% compared to $1.80 in the second quarter of 2007 as adjusted earnings for the first half of $4.04 are up 19% compared to 2007.The year-over-year improvement is more than explained by operating results. Operating income is up 44% for the quarter and for the first half, offset partially by lower nonoperating
BlackRock	statements. With that, I will turn it over to Ann Marie, our Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Hello. I am just going to walk you through the highlights of our results for the quarter. Second quarter reported results are $2.05 per share. Second quarter as adjusted earnings are $285 million or $2.14 per share. The as adjusted results are up 13% compared to $1.90 in the first quarter and up 19% compared to $1.80 in the second quarter of 2007 as adjusted earnings for the first half of $4.04 are up 19% compared to 2007.The year-over-year improvement is more than explained by operating results. Operating income is up 44% for the quarter and for the first half, offset partially by lower nonoperating income. Nonoperating income includes marks on our cede and coinvestment investment portfolio, and I will provide some more details on that in a moment.Second-quarter results are being driven by strong net new business flows, revenue balance across products, regions and client types, and continued success in the BlackRock Solutions business. The $44 billion of new advisory assignments will generate ongoing revenue based on AUM. Due to these factors, the top line grew. Revenues of $1.4
BlackRock	number of forward-looking statements. We call to your attention the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements, and as you know BlackRock has filed with the SEC reports which list some of the factors which may cause our results to differ materially from these statements. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements.And with that, I'll turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Good morning, everyone. My comments are going to be on an as adjusted basis, unless I note otherwise.Starting with the facts. Full-year operating income was $1.662 billion or $8.37 per share. That's up about 9.5% from a year ago. Nonoperating losses net of minority interest were $381 million or $1.92 per share. Net income was $858 million or $6.45 per share. That's down 21% compared to a year ago. Full-year revenues were up 5% year-over-year, including a 6% increase in base fees.While we are proud of our relative performance, we are disappointed in the market effects and our absolute results. The 9.5% improvement in full-year operating results and the 5% revenue increase reflect very strong net new business flows in the first half,
BlackRock	to you that during the course of this call we may make a number of forward-looking statements. I call your attention to the fact that our actual results may differ from these statements. As you all know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC which list some of the factors which may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what's said today. Finally, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With that I'll get out of the way and turn it over to Ann Marie.ANN MARIE PETACH, CFO, BLACKROCK, INC.: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. I'm going to provide some brief comments. I'll point out a few highlights in the earnings supplement and as usual, I'm going to be discussing primarily as adjusted results. Overall, 2012 was a very good year for BlackRock's clients, shareholders and employees, and we're entering 2013 with great momentum. We generated record full year EPS of $13.68. That's up 15% compared to 2011, reflecting a 5% increase in operating earnings and a 3% increase in revenue compared to a year ago. Record quarterly earnings per share of $3.96 were up 29% compared to a year ago and
BlackRock	attention to the fact that BlackRock's actual results may differ from these statements. As you know, BlackRock has filed reports with the SEC, which lists some of the factors that may cause the results of BlackRock to differ materially from what we say today. Additionally, BlackRock assumes no duty and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. With those formalities out of the way, let's begin the call.GARY SHEDLIN, CFO, BLACKROCK INC: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. It is my pleasure to be here to present our third-quarter results. Before I turn it over to Larry to offer his comments, I will review our quarterly financial performance and business results. I'll be referencing selected pages from our earnings supplement, which has been posted on the BlackRock investor relations website, and discussing primarily as adjusted results.BlackRock delivered third-quarter EPS of $3.88 up 12% compared to 2012. Operating income was $978 million also 12% higher. Excluding the impact of fund launch costs in the year-ago quarter, operating income was up 9% on the year over year basis. Non-operating results reflected a $23 million increase in the market value of our seed and co-investments, largely driven by private-equity real estate and distressed
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS Website, or from BMS Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as a today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change.Now, let me turn it over to Peter Dolan.PETER DOLAN, CHAIRMAN, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I want to focus my comments on our overall 2003 results and say a bit about the future, and then I'll turn things over to Andrew for a more in-depth discussion of our business and financial performance in the quarter. Following that, Andrew and I and, as John said, Don Hayden and James Palmer are here with us as well; we'll be happy to
Bristol-Myers Squibb	indicated by these forward looking statements, as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our periodic reports on form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, our Web site or from investor relations.In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may like to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligations as due so even if our estimates change.With that, let me turn it over to Peter.PETER DOLAN, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, BRISTON-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks John and good morning everyone. I want to give you some perspective on our overall performance in the quarter and also update you on our progress in executing against the company's strategy. Following that, Andrew will go into more detail about quarter, and James will discuss our pipeline progress and plans going forward and all of us will be happy to take your questions.This morning, we announced first-quarter earnings of 41 cents per share on a non-GAAP basis, same as a year ago. Global net
Bristol-Myers Squibb	results as well as discuss our '09 guidance. I know there is a lot going on in the markets today. So thanks for taking the time. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jean-Marc Huet, our Chief Financial Officer. Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared remarks, and also joining us for the question-and-answer period are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Operating Officer; and Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer.Before I turn it over to Jim, let me make a quick few legal comments. During the call, we'll make statements about the company's future plans and prospects including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development and product potential that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, periodic reports on 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC and Bristol-Myers Squibb website or from Bristol-Myers Squibb Investor Relations. In addition, any
Bristol-Myers Squibb	questions are Lamberto Andreotti, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer. I'll take care of the legal requirements before we get started.During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research, pipeline, concerning product development and product potential that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most resent annual report on Form 10-K, periodic reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers Squibb website or from Bristol-Myers Squibb Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change.Now I'll turn the call over to Jim Cornelius.JIM CORNELIUS, CHAIRMAN
Bristol-Myers Squibb	our Chief Financial Officer; and both Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks. Also joining for the Q&A portion or Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer, who formally took over on July 1; Beatrice Cazala, who's Executive Vice President of commercial Operations. Joining us from Rome is Giovanni Caforio. Giovanni is been kind enough to join us from our Rome office as he's dealing with some family health issues over there.Before we get started let me cover off the legal requirements. During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also discussed non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable get measures are available at our website BMS.com. Lamberto?LAMBERTO ANDREOTTI, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thank
Bristol-Myers Squibb	plan and is prospects that constitute forward-looking statements -- statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10K and our periodic reports on form 10Q. These documents are available from the SEC, Bristol-Myers website or from Bristol Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as represent willing our estimates as of any subsequent date. With that, let me turn it over to Peter.PETER DOLAN, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, John, good morning, everyone. This morning you saw that we reported fourth quarter earnings of $0.26 per share on a GAAP basis and $0.31 per share on a non-GAAP basis and for the full year, GAAP earnings of $1.52 and non-GAAP earnings of $1.43. These results are within our previously issued guidance range but slightly ahead of where we thought we'd end the year due in part to a better tax rate than we expected. Although GAAP earnings increased,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. With that, let me turn the call over to Peter.PETER DOLAN, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. First, let me address the PLAVIX issue that you probably read about. We learned just yesterday that the Anti-Trust Division of the Justice Department is conducting a criminal investigation regarding the proposed settlement with Apatex of the PLAVIX patent litigation. We don't have any specific information on the basis for or focus of the investigation. I want to emphasize that the Company believes that all of its conduct relating to the proposed PLAVIX settlement has been entirely appropriate and we coordinated throughout with senior outside counsel. We intend to cooperate fully with the investigation and have no further comment on it at this time.Now let me turn to our business performance. I'm pleased to say that we had another strong quarter with double-digit sales gains by
Bristol-Myers Squibb	those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on form 10-K and in our periodic reports on form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations.In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and shouldn't be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change.With that, let me turn the call over to Jim.JIM CORNELIUS, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO.: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Before turning the call over to Andrew for a review of our financial performance in the quarter, I'd like to provide a few introductory comments about me, my role and priorities during this interim period and the Company's strategy and direction. First, let me give you a bit of background on myself. As you probably know, I was chairman of the Guidant Corporation for 12 years following its spin-off in 1994 from Eli Lilly, where I previously served as CFO and board member. I am very proud to say we were successful in
Bristol-Myers Squibb	those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q.&nbsp;These documents are available from the SEC. the Bristol-Myers website, or from Bristol Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. With that, let me turn it over to Peter.PETER DOLAN, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Okay. Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Before I have Andrew take you through the details of the quarter's results, I want to place the results for the second quarter into the broader context of our Company's overall strategy and our outlook. I've also asked Lamberto Andreotti to discuss the global performance of some of our key brands and businesses, and following those remarks, all of us will be available to answer your questions.Let's begin by reviewing second quarter 2005 earnings. We reported GAAP EPS of $0.50 and non-GAAP EPS of $0.47 from continuing operations, including an advantage tax rate, which will be discussed in more detail by Andrew. Overall, businesses are
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Q&A are Elliott Sigal, Chief Scientific Officer, Beatrice Cazala, Senior Vice President commercial operations with responsibility for global commercialization, Europe and emerging markets, and also Tony Hooper, Senior Vice President commercial operations with responsibility for US, Japan, and other international markets. Before we get started, I want to take care of the legal matters. During the call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's recent report on 10-K and reports on 10-Q and 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or Bristol-Myers Squibb Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We may elect to update forward-looking statements as some point in the future we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if estimates change. During the call we'll also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures adjusted
Bristol-Myers Squibb	that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers' website or from Bristol-Myers' Investor Relations.In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. With that, let me turn it over to Peter.PETER DOLAN, CHAIRMAN & CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thanks, John and good morning. Before I talk about the quarter this morning, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the loss of our Chief Scientific Officer and Head of Research and Development, James Palmer, earlier this week. We are all deeply saddened as he was a beloved colleague, an outstanding leader and a
Bristol-Myers Squibb	from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations. In addition, the forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking information at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. With that, let me turn it over to Peter.PETER DOLAN, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. I want to spend a few minutes providing some perspective on our performance for the fourth quarter and for the full year. I'll also give an update on our progress in executing our strategy; and following my remarks, Andrew will go into more detail about our fourth quarter and 12-month results. Then we'll go to your questions.First, our earnings results. For the fourth quarter, our non-GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.39, excluding specified
Bristol-Myers Squibb	on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q.&nbsp;These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date.With that, let me turn it over to Peter Dolan, our Chairman and CEO.PETER DOLAN, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, John. And good morning, everyone. Before Andrew takes you into the details of the quarter results, I want to talk about how the first three months of the year fit into our broader strategy and our outlook. We've also asked Elliott Sigal to join us to give you an R&D update since we have had some important developments in that area as well. And then following Elliott's remarks, all of us will be available to answer your questions.Let's begin by reviewing first-quarter earnings. Non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations were $0.34 per share, excluding specified items, which were in line with Wall Street's mean estimate. On a GAAP basis, fully-diluted earnings per share for the first quarter were $0.32.Our first-quarter financial results were in line with expectations around the
Bristol-Myers Squibb	SVP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thank you, Celia, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us.We're here to discuss our first-quarter earnings release, and with me for prepared remarks are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer, Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining for Q & A are Beatrice Cazala and Tony Hooper, both of whom run our Commercial Operations, and Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer.Before we get started let me take care of the legal requirement. During this call we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and reports on 10-Q and Form 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website, or from Bristol-Myers Squibb Investor Relations. In addition any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect
Bristol-Myers Squibb	and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us today to review our second quarter results. With me today are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer; he'll have prepared remarks, as will Charlie Bancroft, our CFO. As you know, Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer usually participates in the call, but sitting for him today for Q and A is our Head of Development, Brian Daniels. Elliott enjoys these calls and would like to be here, but he recently had some knee surgery, and he is recovering well. He enjoys participating, as I said, and he is looking forward to the October call. With Brian for Q and A, also we have Beatrice Cazala, Senior Vice President of commercial operations, with responsibility for commercialization -- Europe and emerging markets; as well as Tony Hooper, Senior Vice President, commercial operations with responsibility for the US, Japan, and the rest of world.Before we get started I will take care of the legal requirements. During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under that Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Chief Financial Officer. They'll both have prepared remarks. And joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our head of R&D; Beatrice Cazala, Commercial Operations; and Giovanni Caforio, who runs our US business.First, before we get started, let me take care of the legal requirements. During this call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings.These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations to these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website.Lamberto?LAMBERTO ANDREOTTI, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone.We have just completed another good quarter. The external environment is certainly not becoming easier, particularly in
Bristol-Myers Squibb	this morning for prepared remarks are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer, and Charlie Bancroft, our CFO. And then joining for Q&A, are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Giovanni Caforio, President of the US Pharmaceuticals Business; and Beatrice Cazala, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations.Before I turn it over to Lamberto, let me cover the Safe Harbor language. During the call, we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Lamberto?LAMBERTO ANDREOTTI, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thank you, John. And first of all, congratulations for your
Bristol-Myers Squibb	differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on form 10-K and in our periodic reports on form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations.In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. With that, let me turn it over to Peter.PETER DOLAN, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO.: Thanks, John. And good morning, everybody. For the third quarter, we're reporting GAAP EPS of $0.49 and non-GAAP EPS of $0.31. We're also updating 2005 full year EPS expectations to the middle of our $1.35 - $1.45 range on a non-GAAP basis, excluding potential specified items, which are outlined in today's press release.As many of you know, important elements of our strategy for growth include continued investment in our pipeline and in support behind our growth drivers, while at the same time keeping non-priority spending in check. We continue to execute that strategy and it remains on track as we manage for the long-term and build momentum for
Bristol-Myers Squibb	President and Chief Financial Officer. Both Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared remarks. Also joining us are Lamberto Andreotti, President; and Elliott Sigal, Chief Scientific Officer, will be available for Q&A. Before we get started, let me cover the legal requirement. During this call, we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects, including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development and product potential. These constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, periodic reports on 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers website, or from Bristol-Myers Squibb Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and shouldn't be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates
Bristol-Myers Squibb	today are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lamberto Andreotti, President and Chief Operating Officer, Elliott Sigal, our Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer and also for the first time, Charlie Bancroft, Senior Vice President and our acting CFO.Jim and Charlie will have prepared remarks and then Lamberto and Elliott will be here for Q&A as well. I'll take care of the legal requirements first. During the call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development and product potential, that constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Companies most recent annual report on 10-K, and our reports on form 10-Q and current reports on form 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers website, or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations.In addition any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today which should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent
Bristol-Myers Squibb	we have several members of Senior Management, Lamberto Andreotti, who will be CEO effective next Tuesday at our annual meeting. He'll have prepared remarks, along with Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for Q&A are Elliot Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer, as well as two additional senior leaders. Beatrice Cazala who is a Senior Vice President Global Commercialization, also with responsibility for -- operational responsibility for Europe and our emerging markets, and Tony Hooper, Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations with responsibility for the US, Japan, and several other markets.Before we get started, let me handle the Safe Harbor language. During this call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects, including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development product potential that constitute forward-looking statements. For purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, periodic reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. These documents are available from
Bristol-Myers Squibb	we have several members of Senior Management, Lamberto Andreotti, who will be CEO effective next Tuesday at our annual meeting. He'll have prepared remarks, along with Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for Q&A are Elliot Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer, as well as two additional senior leaders. Beatrice Cazala who is a Senior Vice President Global Commercialization, also with responsibility for -- operational responsibility for Europe and our emerging markets, and Tony Hooper, Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations with responsibility for the US, Japan, and several other markets.Before we get started, let me handle the Safe Harbor language. During this call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects, including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development product potential that constitute forward-looking statements. For purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, periodic reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. These documents are available from
Bristol-Myers Squibb	here to discuss our second quarter results. You've seen the release out this morning. With me today for prepared remarks are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Executive Officer and Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. After the prepared remarks, we'll do to Q&A and also joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, head of R&D as well as Beatrice Cazala and Tony Hooper, our two commercial leads.Before we get started, let me take care of the legal language. During this call, we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on form 10-K and reports on form 10-Q and form 8-K. The documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers Squibb website or from BMS investor relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today which should not be relied upon as representing our estimate as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Andreotti, our CEO; Charlie Bancroft, our CFO; Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, Senior Vice President Commercial Operations with responsibility for Global Commercialization, Europe, and the Emerging Markets; and also Tony Hooper, also Senior Vice President Commercial Operations, with responsibility for the US and rest of world. This morning Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks and then we'll go to your Q&A.Before we get started, let me take care of the legal requirement. During this call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-KThese documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers Squibb website, or from BMS investor relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Both Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks. Then joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and Giovanni Caforio, President of US Pharmaceuticals. Again, Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks and then Elliot, Beatrice and Giovanni will be here for Q&A.Before we get started, I'll take care of the legal requirements. During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements even if our estimates change. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website. Lamberto?LAMBERTO ANDREOTTI, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS
Bristol-Myers Squibb	to an urgent family health matter. With me this morning are Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer. Charlie will have prepared remarks. And then joining him for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Francis Cuss, our incoming Chief Scientific Officer; Giovanni Caforio, President of the US Business; and Beatrice Cazala, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations.So, before we get started, let me just take care of some of the legal requirements. During the call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date.We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available on our website.Charlie?CHARLIE BANCROFT, CFO,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jean-Marc Huet our Chief Financial Officer. They both have prepared remarks and joining us for Q&A are Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Operating Officer and Elliott Sigal, our chief scientific officer.Before we get started let me take care of the legal requirements. During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects including statements about our financial position, research pipeline, concerning product development, product potential that constitute forward-looking statement for purposes of the Safe Harbor Provision under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, periodic reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8K These documents are available from the SEC, or the Bristol-Myers Squib website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations.In addition, any forward-looking statements are presented are estimates and should not be relied as representing our estimates of any subsequent date. We may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change.
Bristol-Myers Squibb	quick comment before we get started on logistics. For this call, we do have a slide deck that's available on our website, www.bms.com, and you can also access it through the webcast if you'd like to follow along. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Andreotti Lamberto, our President; Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; and Jean Marc-Huet, our Chief Financial Officer. All of -- Jim Lamberto, Elliot and Jean-Marc will all have prepared remarks, and then we'll go to your Q&A.So let me take care of the legal requirement first. During the call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects, including statements about our financial position, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development and product potential that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K, periodic reports on Form 10-Q and the currently reports on Form 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol
Bristol-Myers Squibb	are Lamberto Andreotti our Chief Executive Officer. Charlie Bancroft our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Elliott Sigal Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer, also Beatrice Cazala also Executive Vice President Commercial and EU and emerging markets. And for the first time Giovanni Caforio, President of our US business.Before we get started, let me take care of the legal requirement. During the call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website, or from investor relations.In addition any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our
Bristol-Myers Squibb	and they'll have prepared remarks. And then joining also for Q&A, Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, our commercial lead for global rationalization, as well as responsibility for Europe; and Giovanni Caforio, who runs our US business.Before we get started I'll take care of the legal language. During this call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's most-recent annual report on Form 10-K and reports on Form 10-Q and 8-K. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website, or from Bristol-Myers Squibb's investor relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. During the call we'll also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures
Bristol-Myers Squibb	With me today, we have Lamberto Andreotti, our CEO; Charlie Bancroft, our Chief Financial Officer -- as you may know, also additional commercial responsibilities. Both Lamberto and Charlie will have prepared remarks. And then joining us for Q&A are Elliott Sigal, our Chief Scientific Officer; Beatrice Cazala, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and Giovanni Caforio, our President of the US Pharmaceuticals business.Let me take care of the legal requirement. During this call, we will make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements, as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change.We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliation to these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website, bms.com. Lamberto?LAMBERTO ANDREOTTI, CEO,
Bristol-Myers Squibb	IR, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thank you, Cindy. Good morning. The thank you for joining us on the call. We are here this morning to review our fourth quarter results as well as our full-year results. Joining me on the call are Jim Cornelius, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Bonfield, our Chief Financial Officer; Elliott Segal, our Chief Scientific Officer; and Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Operating Officer. Before we get started and I turn it over to Jim and Andrew for prepared remarks, let me take care of some of the legal requirements. During the call we may make various remarks about the company's future expectations, plans, and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website, or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as
Bristol-Myers Squibb	company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website, or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent day. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. With that, let me turn the call over to Jim.JIM CORNELIUS, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB COMPANY: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. I will make a few remarks about our financial performance last quarter and last year as well as our outlook through 2010. I will also provide some context for the major financial impacts of last quarter and how they fit into our transformation to a next generation BioPharma company.From an operating standpoint, our fourth quarter performance brought a strong conclusion to a good year. The 33% Q4 '07 reported revenue growth is really a 13% sales growth when you exclude the estimated impact of the launch of generic clopidogrel in 2006. We achieved this growth through
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Report in Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q.These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers investor relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. So this morning, Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared remarks and then we'll go to your questions. Jim?JIM CORNELIUS, CHAIRMAN & CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, John, good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased to share with you today a picture of steady financial growth, as well as some insight as to the direction we're taking with our non-pharma assets. This quarter represents our strongest financial performance since I became CEO approximately 18 months ago, we see many of the current positive trends continuing throughout the year. In the marketplace, we're executing successfully on all key medicines in our portfolio, as evidenced by growth of 20% on net sales from continuing operations. A growth trajectory, however, that reflects some benefit from Apotex's
Bristol-Myers Squibb	on our website, as well as the supporting financial information. With me this morning are Jim Cornelius, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jean-Marc Huet, our Chief Financial Officer; Lamberto Andreoti, Chief Operating Officer; and Elliott Sigal, Chief Scientific Officer. I'll just take care of the safe harbor language first. During this call, we may make various remarks about the Company's future expectations, plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. For purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the company's most recent Annual Report in Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on Form 10-Q.These documents are available from the SEC, the BMS website or from Bristol-Myers investor relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. So this morning, Jim and Jean-Marc
Bristol-Myers Squibb	it's also posted on our website. Joining me on the call today are Jim Cornelius, our chairman and chief executive officer; Jean-Marc Huet, our chief financial officer; Elliott Sigal, our chief scientific officer and Lamberto Andreotti, our Chief Operating Officer. Jim and Jean-Marc will have prepared comments, and Elliott and Lamberto are here to join us for Q&A. So, before we get started, let me just cover the legal requirements.During this call, we will make statements about the company's future plans and prospects including statements about our financial plan, business strategy, research pipeline concerning product development, product potential that constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially by those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed on the company's most recent annual report Form 10K, periodic reports on Form 10Q and current reports on Form 8K. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers Squibb web site, or from BMS Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially by those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors including those discussed on the company's most recent annual report Form 10K, periodic reports on Form 10Q and current reports on Form 8K. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers Squibb web site, or from BMS Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we disclaim any obligation to do so even if our estimates change. Jim?JAMES CORNELIUS, CHAIRMAN & CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. We're glad you could join us today. In the next few minutes, I'll update you briefly on our financial performance in the quarter and our progress against our strategy. Overall, I'm pleased with how we're delivering on our commitments. We're making measurable stride against the strategy we outlined for investors late last year, both investing in our future through business development activities like the string of pearls and strategically lowering costs
Bristol-Myers Squibb	Financial Officer; and this morning also with prepared remarks will be Francis Cuss, our Chief Scientific Officer. And then, joining for Q&A are our two commercial leads, Executive Vice President Beatrice Cazala, and the President of US Operations, Giovanni Caforio.Before I turn it over to Lamberto, I just want to cover the Safe Harbor language. As you know, during the call we'll make statements about the Company's future plans and prospects that constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, including those discussed in the Company's SEC filings.These forward-looking statements represent our estimates as of today, and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements, even if our estimates change.We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude certain specified items. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available at our website, bms.com.Lamberto?LAMBERTO ANDREOTTI, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. This is an important time for Bristol-Myers Squibb. The third quarter marked our return to growth with respect to both sales
Bristol-Myers Squibb	in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and our periodic reports on Form 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, the Bristol-Myers Squibb website or from Bristol-Myers Investor Relations. In addition, any forward-looking statements reflect our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if our estimates change. With that, let me turn the call over to Jim.JIM CORNELIUS, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, John, good morning, everyone. I want to take a few minutes to highlight some of the key achievements of the quarter and the year and then make some comments about 2007, a transitional year for Bristol-Myers Squibb. From my perspective we had a strong quarter in terms of growing many of our key brands and advancing our new product pipeline. Andrew will talk about specific brand performance. So let me make a few points about the pipeline.First, there was positive news that several medical meetings including encouraging data on Orencia at ACR and on Sprycel and Apixaban at ASH.
Bristol-Myers Squibb	of various important factors including those discussed in the Company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in our periodic reports on 10-Q. These documents are available from the SEC, our website, or from our investor relations group. In addition any forward-looking statements represent our estimates only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our estimates as of any subsequent date. While we may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. Even if our estimates change. With that let me turn the call over to Jim.JIM CORNELIUS, CEO, BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. I want to make a few brief comments about the quarter and then talk about how we see the rest of the year in 2008 shaping up. I also want to update you on the strategic review process we have been engaged in for the last several months.Overall I'm pleased with our performance in the quarter. Sales were strong. Thanks in large part to the recovery of our Plavix business as well as the continued robust growth of Abilify, the Sustiva franchise, and other key products. The major
BP plc	Relations Joining me today are Tony Hayward, our Group Chief Executive, Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer, Andy Inglis, Head of Exploration and Production, Iain Conn, Head of Refining and Marketing, and Vivienne Cox, Head of Alternative Energy. Before we start, I'd like you to take a moment to read the next slide. During our presentation today, we'll be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted in the slide and also in our SEC filings. I'd also like to remind you that we are holding our annual strategy presentation on March 3. The detail on some subjects like reserves replacements and capital spending plans will be covered then.Thank you, and now over to Tony.TONY HAYWARD, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to our full-year results for 2008. Before Byron takes you through the fourth quarter and full year in more detail, I'd like to spend Before we go into more detail I'd like to spend a few minutes on an overview of the past year. When I last spoke with you in July of last year, we
BP plc	forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted on this slide and in our SEC filings. Thank you and now, over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. And good day to those joining us on this call. Before we start I'd, like to draw your attention to the changes that we've made in our stock exchange announcement. We have moved to both simplified reporting and to align it more closely with our peers, as well as better reflecting how management looks at the business. I hope you'll find these changes helpful.As usual, I'll begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. The table shows the percentage year on year changes in BP's average upstream realizations and refining indicator margin. Our liquids realization of $41 per barrel, was 20% lower than last quarter and less than 50% the level experienced a year ago. Our gas realization was around 30% lower than the previous quarter and 40% lower than 1Q last year. The sharp decline in Henry Hub prices has materially impacted both these realizations and our 1Q results, since over 10% of BP's total hydrocarbon production is US gas. Taking both oil and gas
BP plc	Chief Executive, Bob Dudley, and our Chief Financial Officer, Brian Gilvary. Also with us for the Q&A is the Chief Executive of our upstream, Lamar McKay, and Iain Conn, Chief Executive of Refining and Marketing.Before we start, I need to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation, we will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans, and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcement, and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you, and now over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Thank you, Jess, and good afternoon or good morning, everyone, depending on where you are. Thank you for joining us. In today's presentation, we will, of course, take you through our second-quarter results, but we will also update you on our key areas of activity. Our two key results reflect a variety of factors, some positive, some negative, which Brian will take you through in detail.The largest negative to the figures being the drop in crude prices from 1Q
BP plc	to hand over to John Browne, our Group Chief Executive.&nbsp;JOHN BROWNE, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Fergus, thank you very much. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We're delighted to be meeting with you face to face and, as ever, there's much of interest to discuss; but the format of the day, however, is pretty conventional. Firstly, Byron is going to take us through the fourth-quarter and full-year results dispersed earlier today. And then we would like to talk about our strategy, our view of the external environment, and the leadership team will then speak on sub strategies and operations of each of their businesses. Specifically Tony Hayward and Andy Inglis will discuss E&P, Vivienne Cox will cover gas, and John Manzoni refining and marketing.The purpose of this presentation is to demonstrate to you that we have the assets, markets and capabilities to deliver our strategy. I'll then put it all together in terms of progress to date and guidance for the forthcoming year and beyond, especially as it relates to our ability to continue to generate free cash flow and distribute it to shareholders. I know many of you listened to the technology webcast hosted by Iain Conn in December,
BP plc	continue to decline from the record level reached in the third quarter of last year. Our first quarter oil realization of $58 per barrel and gas realization of around $5.50 for 1,000 cubic feet were both up by around 1/3 compared with a year earlier.Our first quarter industry indicator refining margin of around $6 per barrel increased slightly, compared with 1Q '05. But the margin realized by our own refineries was slightly lower year-on-year. Overall marketing margins were similar between periods.Our first quarter replacement cost profit of $5.3 billion was 4% lower than in the first quarter of 2005. The per-share result was similar to a year earlier, reflecting the benefit of share buybacks. Our profit, including inventory gains and losses, was $5.6 billion, down 15% in absolute terms, or 11% per share. These figures include non-operating items. The year-on-year earnings decline shown are largely the result of the absence of last year's $500 million non-operating gain. Excluding these items, our underlying replacement cost profit was $5.3 billion, up 7% in absolute terms or 12% per share, compared with 1Q '05.We generated $8.9 billion of operating cash flow in the quarter, a level similar to last year, in spite of
BP plc	Tony Hayward, John Manzoni, David Allen, Iain Conn and Andy Inglis. As usual, Byron and I will do the formal presentations but the team is here to answer your questions once we have finished.This morning, we were delighted to report our 2Q and first-half results. Many of the financial results are records for BP. These have clearly been boosted by the strong trading environment. For the first-half of '06, replacement cost profit is $11.4 billion, up 9% over '05. This is equivalent to $0.56 a share, up 14% over '05, showing the additional benefit of buybacks. A quarterly dividend to be paid in September of $0.09825 per share, up 10% over the same quarter last year. Post-tax operating cash flow of $18.1 billion, up 12% over the first half of '05. Divestment proceeds of $2.6 billion, in line with our strategy of continuously high grading our portfolio. Share buybacks of $8.5 billion in the first half, reducing average shares outstanding by 5% year on year. And a strong financial condition with gearing at 15% below our target range of 20 to 30%. We have also achieved a number of major milestones in the first half. These include first oil from
BP plc	factors have benefited our third-quarter results, and I will highlight these as I go through my presentation. I'll also give highlights of our continued strategic progress within the context of our financial framework.Let me start with a summary of the trading environment. The quarter began with oil prices at record levels in the face of supplying anxieties related to the impending hurricane season, rising Middle East tensions, and other factors. Although oil prices softened in September, our $67 per barrel average crude realization in the third quarter was comparable with 2Q and well above that seen a year ago.By contrast, our third-quarter gas realization of around $4.50 per thousand cubic feet was down 5% compared to a year ago, as gas prices were lower in both the United States and the United Kingdom in the face of ample supply.Taking oil and gas together, our overall hydrocarbon realization was up 9% from 3Q '05, and 21% year-to-date. Our third-quarter industry indicator refining margin of $8.40 per barrel is 32% lower than the hurricane-influenced peak reached last year.Turning to the financial results, our third-quarter replacement cost profit of $7 billion was 58% higher than in the third quarter of 2005. The per-share
BP plc	We may make forward-looking statements, which are identified by the use of the words will, expect and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here. I would now like to introduce Lord Browne, BP's Group Chief Executive.LORD JOHN BROWNE, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Ladies and gentlemen, it is a great pleasure to talk to you and to present BP's annual results for 2003. We're (indiscernible) this Webcast to give you both an overview and the relevant detail of our results. As usual, I would like to put our performance in the context of strategy, and then Byron will pull out the key aspects of the results. Naturally, there is only so much we can do in 1 1/2 hours, so we are going to invite you to a full update on the implementation of our strategy on March 29.This time last year, my team and I had as many questions as answers about the forthcoming year. How would the implementation of our strategy endure in the face of a weak global economy, impending war in Iraq, continuing uncertainty of terrorism, increasingly complex regulation and a ground
BP plc	differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here. Lastly, a reminder, as we explained in our webcast on March the 11th and in our strategy presentation on March the 29th, we have made a number of changes to our financial reporting and to the layout of our earnings release. These changes are intended to be helpful and to increase disclosure and transparency.However, we, of course, recognize that the required restatement of comparative figures for 2003 leads to a need to update your financial model. As we explained in March, a variety of resources are available on our website and in our recently published financial operating review to assist you in this process. In addition, the BP investor relations team stands ready to help you in any way that we can. I'd now like to hand over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus, and welcome those joining this conference call. It's less than a month since our strategy presentation, so I'll keep my comments brief. This will leave plenty of time for your questions. The results we announced this morning are strong, in come cases records, and we're pleased with
BP plc	identified by the use of the terms will, expect, and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a variety of reasons such as those noted here. Now, over to John.&nbsp;JOHN BROWNE, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP: Thank you Fergus. Again, a very good afternoon to those listening in Europe and a very good morning to those in North America. Thank you very much for taking the time to join us today. In a few moments, Byron will as usual review the detail behind our results. We will then be happy to take your questions. Before we do that, I would like to take a few moments to step back and set these results in context. It's almost exactly six years since we announced our merger with Amoco and just over five years since we announced the transaction with Arco. Since then, we've built a company with a unique combination of assets and the potential to deliver outstanding returns to shareholders. That company produces around 4m barrels of oil equivalents a day and has proved reserves of 10.3b barrels of oil and 46.5 trillion cubic feet of natural gas.We're the industry leader on several measures, including longer
BP plc	to all those in United States. I hope you have had a chance to read our stock exchange announcement.Joining me today are Byron Grote, the CFO; Vivian Cox, Head of Gas, Power & Renewables; Tony Hayward, Head of E&P; and John Manzoni, Head of R&M. As usual, Byron and I will do the formal presentations, but the team is here to answer your questions after our presentations.This morning we were delighted to report our 2Q and first-half results -- replacement cost profit for the first half of $10.5 billion, a record up 29% over '04 and that's equivalent to $0.49 per share, a record also, and up 33% over '04, showing the additional benefit of share buy backs; our quarterly dividends to be paid in September of $0.892 per share, up 26% over the same quarter last year, and up by 5% over the previous level; strong post-tax operating cash flow of $16.1 billion, up 32% over the first-half of '04; share buy backs of over $4 billion conducted during the first-half; a strong financial condition with gearing at 18% below the bottom of our target range of 20 to 30%; and a strategy with associated targets and indicators which
BP plc	eventful third quarter for the industry and for BP. In BP's case, as the quarter began, we were working to address operating issues at our Texas City refinery. We were also entering an unusually active maintenance season in the North Sea and Alaska, while continuing work to ramp-up production for major new upstream projects, including several in the Gulf of Mexico. Against this backdrop, hurricanes Katrina and Rita had a material impact on industry prices and margins, as well as on BP's operating and financial results. I will do my best to describe our quarterly results in the light of these events and their impact on the rest of the year. Following my prepared remarks, Fergus and I will be happy to address your questions.These charts show our average well and gas realizations and indicator refining margin during the quarter against the backdrop of recent history. The pricing margin environment in 3Q was unusually volatile. We entered the third quarter with oil and gas prices and refining margins at or near their historic highs. This was driven by strong economic growth, general concern over the security of supplies, and increasing reliance on heavier crudes to meet growing market demand. There
BP plc	Investor Relations.FERGUS MCLEOD, VP IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome to BP's second quarter 2010 results conference call. I'm Fergus McLeod, and today's presentation will be by Tony Hayward, our Group Chief Executive, and Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. We're also joined today by our Chairman, Carl-Henric Svanberg for the first few minutes, and he'll make some introductory remarks.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our usual cautionary statements. During today's presentation, we will make reference to estimates, plans and expectations that are forward-looking statements. Actual outcomes could differ materially due to factors we note on this slide, and in our regulatory filings. Please refer to our annual report and accounts and second-quarter stock exchange announcements for more details. Both of those documents are available on our website.Thank you. And I'll now hand over to Carl-Henric.CARL-HENRIC SVANBERG, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus and thank you all for joining us. I'm joined here now by Tony Hayward, Byron Grote, and Bob Dudley, and the others in the management team.As you can see, we have issued two important announcements this morning. One is the first-half-year results including the impact of the Gulf of Mexico
BP plc	expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide, and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report and stock exchange announcements and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you.And now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to BP's third quarter results for 2010. This has been a quarter of significant change for BP, and I'm pleased to say also one of great progress. Bob Dudley took over as Group Chief Executive at the start of October. He has already announced significant leadership and organizational changes, as we implement lessons learned from the Gulf of Mexico incident, and pursue our efforts to rebuild trust in BP, and value for our shareholders. We're confident of meeting the challenges ahead. As today's results show, BP's employees have remained focused on running the business during this period of change.I will begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. The table shows the year-on-year percentage changes in BP's average upstream realizations, and the refining indicator margin for the third quarter, as well
BP plc	We may make use of forwarding looking statements, which are identified by the use of the words &quot;will&quot;, &quot;expect&quot; and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here.Now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. I hope you've had a chance to review John Brown's presentation from earlier today, in which he discussed the outlook for oil prices and refining margins, and the inflationary trends in our industry. I will not repeat his comments in detail, but Fergus and I will be happy to take any questions.Today we were pleased to announce very strong third quarter results. Our upstream and refining assets were particularly well positioned to benefit from the price and margin environment during the quarter. I will summarize the results for the quarter and year to date.I will also give highlights on our continued strategic progress within the context of our financial framework, as we discussed with you last March.Our results for the year to date are records for the Company, both in terms of earnings and operating cash flow. This was largely due to a very strong price and
BP plc	would like to draw your attention to this slide. We may make forward-looking statements, which are identified by the use of the words will, expect, and similar phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted here. Now over to John.JOHN BROWNE, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Thank you for joining us for our webcast on the announcement of our final 2004 results. We were delighted to report earlier today that our replacement cost profit for 2004 of $16.2 billion is a record, up by 26 percent over 2003. And that we've been able to raise the dollar quarterly dividend to $0.085 a share, an increase of 26 percent over 4Q 2003. And more about all that later.Those achievements have been helped by the external environment, but they couldn't have been delivered without the internal improvements that have been achieved over the last decade. That's down to strategy and to the disciplined way in which we've pursued that strategy. And that approach will continue. We believe we have the right strategy and we're determined to maintain the discipline we've followed so far. I think you will see that discipline in
BP plc	CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. As you know, this is our first quarter under International Financial Reporting Standards or IFRS. All prior year comparative data presented today and contained in our stock exchange announcement have been restated for IFRS and the other changes I described in our technical briefing last month as detailed on our investor website.Before discussing the financials, I will quickly review price and margin conditions which were slightly better than in the prior quarter and up significantly on the first quarter of 2004. Our average crude oil realization in 1Q was more than $43 per barrel, 39% higher than in the first quarter of last year. Oil prices continue to be supported by strong growth in demand and limited spare global production capacity. Our gas realization in 1Q rose less, up 12% compared with a year ago.These higher oil and gas prices led to a 27% year on year increase in our overall average hydrocarbon realization. The industry indicator refining margin was up 21% compared with a year earlier. Our own refining margin continued to benefit from wide light/heavy differentials. Although not shown, retail marketing margins were under extreme competitive pressure during most of the quarter.Margins
BP plc	make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our Annual Report, stock exchange announcement and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you, and now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus, and good day to those joining us on this call.Before we start, I would like to say a brief word on the status of the deal with Rosneft which we announced back in January. Gaining access to major new opportunities always carries some risks and uncertainties, and so it has proved in Russia this year. Our plans to enter into agreements with Rosneft, including a share swap and involvement in Artic exploration have been subject to an interim injunction initiated by our partners in TNK-BP. The original deadline for completing the agreements with Rosneft was the 14th of April, but we agreed with Rosneft to extend the date to the 16th of May. We know that these developments have created uncertainty. But you can be confident in our determination that any
BP plc	our estimates, plans, and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcement, and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website.Thank you. And now, over to Brian.BRIAN GILVARY, CFO, BP PLC: Thanks, Jess. Welcome to all of you joining us today on the call.I'd like to start with an overview of first quarter financial performance. Our first quarter underlying replacement cost profit after interest and tax was $4.8 billion, down 13% on the same period a year ago, and 4% lower than the fourth quarter of 2011. First quarter operating cash flow was $3.4 billion, including $1.2 billion of post-tax Gulf of Mexico oil spill expenses. First quarter operating cash flow was impacted by higher working capital, including the effect of higher oil prices and inventory builds.Group underlying replacement cost profit for the quarter was adversely impacted by $540 million in respect of the consolidation adjustment for unrealized profit in inventory. As a reminder, this reflects unrealized profit in our downstream inventories, related to our upstream equity barrels, which will be
BP plc	will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcement, and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you. And now over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Jess. Our call today proves that not everything in London stops for the Olympics. We are operating our everyday business as usual around the world. As well as embracing our role as the official oil and gas partner of the games.Our results at first glance are weak for the period. There are specific reasons for this. Trading conditions have been particularly volatile, resulting in lower oil prices and lower contribution from US gas. The sharp decline in oil prices has also led to some unusually large duty lag and ForEx effects in TNK-BP. And adverse pricing of feedstock into our US refineries. Added to this is the impact of the large planned maintenance program we have undertaken during the quarter in the Gulf of Mexico, which is part of
BP plc	me today is Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I would like to you take a moment to read this next slide. As usual, during our presentation we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted on this slide and in our SEC filings. Thank you. And now, over to Byron.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Byron Grote, BP PLC - CFO [3]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Thank you, Fergus. Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to BP's third quarter results for 2009. As usual, I will begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. The table shows percentage year on year changes in BP's average upstream realizations and the refining indicator margin for the third quarter, as well as year-to-date. Compared with last quarter, our liquids realization increased by 20% to $63 per barrel. Our average gas realization was flat versus last quarter at $2.80 per thousand cubic feet. In the United States, our gas realizations increased, despite the small drop in the Henry Hub marker due to a narrowing of regional differentials. Taking oil and gas together, our 3Q and year-to-date average hydrocarbon realizations were around
BP plc	Iain ConnBP plc - Chief Executive, Refining and MarketingConference Call Participants* Mark BloomfieldCitigroup - Analyst* Alastair SymeNomura - Analyst* Theepan JothilingamMorgan Stanley - Analyst* Jonathan RigbyUBS - Analyst* Robert KesslerSimmons & Company - Analyst* Irene HimonaExane - Analyst* Neil McMahonSanford Bernstein - Analyst* Joe ToveyTovey & Co. - Analyst* Colin SmithICAP - Analyst* Mark GilmanThe Benchmark Company - Analyst* Lucy HaskinsBarclays Capital - Analyst* Sergio MolisaniUnicredit - Analyst* Pavel MolchanovRaymond James - Analyst* Neill MortonMFG - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community, webcast and conference call.I now hand over to Fergus McLeod, head of Investor Relations.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Welcome to BP's fourth-quarter 2009 results conference call. I'm Fergus MacLeod, BP's head of Investor Relations. And joining me today are Tony Hayward, our Group Chief Executive; Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer; Andy Inglis, Head of Exploration and Production; and Iain Conn, Head of Refining and Marketing.Before we start, I'd like you to take a moment to read this next slide. As usual, during today's presentation, we will be making forward-looking statements. As ever, actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons such as those noted on
BP plc	to estimates, plans and expectations, that are forward-looking statements. Actual results, including production, could differ materially due to factors we note on this slide, and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report in accounts and first quarter stock exchange announcement for more details. Both of these documents are available on our web site.Thank you. And now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. And good day to those joining us on this call.You will all be aware of the tragic incident last week on the Transocean Deepwater Horizon drilling rig. Our thoughts go out, at this very difficult time, to the families, friends and colleagues of those affected. BP continues to do everything it can to respond to the incident, and has put into place a comprehensive plan for both oil well intervention and spill response. Working with the US authorities and Transocean, we will ensure that the group's full resources are behind the efforts to control the well, and to ensure that there are no serious environmental consequences. We will continue to provide regular updates on our progress.I will now begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. The
BP plc	phone, or on the web, where I understand there is a large group. For those here in London, you would've seen behind me, our safety evacuation guidelines. We are not planning to test the alarm system today, so if you hear it, please proceed as advised and further details can be found on the handouts on your chair.I am pleased to be joined onstage by Byron Grote our CFO, and Iain Conn, Head of Refining And Marketing. And with us in the audience we have our chairman, Carl-Henric Svanberg, as well as the BP executive team, who I will come back to and introduce in a short while. And we also welcome Maxim Barsky, who has just walked in, as perfect timing as the CEO-designate of TNK-BP and our long-standing and successful joint venture in Russia, and our guests from Rosneft, including Eduard Khudainatov, Rosneft's President and CEO, Pavel Federov, First Vice President and CFO of Rosneft, and the CEO's General Counsel, Larisa Kalanda. As you know we have recently forged a significant new global and Arctic strategic alliance with Rosneft, so we are pleased to have them with us here today, as well as Maxim from TNK-BP, an important
BP plc	we will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcements and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website.Thank you. And now over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Jess. And good afternoon or good morning, everyone, depending on where you are in the world. As you all know, the last few weeks have been a very traumatic time for us, following the atrocity at the In Amenas joint venture in Algeria. It has also been a terrible blow for our partners in the venture, Statoil and Sonatrach, and for the contracting companies involved. Of the people who lost their lives, four BP employees and five Statoil employees lost their lives, along with contractors and partners. Many of them close colleagues and friends. BP is a large but tightly knit company. People were murdered on what should have been an ordinary day at work, and we feel the loss deeply.The shock waves have been felt not only within
BP plc	Officer.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation, we will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcement, and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you, and now over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Thank you, Jess, and good afternoon or good morning, everyone, depending on where you are in world. Thank you for joining us. Today's presentation is mainly designed to take you through our first-quarter results. But we also take the opportunity to briefly update you on some important areas of activity. In short, we are reporting a strong set of results that reflects the work we're doing to rebuild BP and make it a Company that can grow value safely and sustainably over the years.So as usual, we'll start with Brian taking you through our financial results in detail. I will then review progress in the legal proceedings in the US, including the civil
BP plc	Hello and welcome to BP's second quarter 2008 conference call. My name is Fergus MacLeod, BP's Head of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Tony Harward, our Group Chief Executive, Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer, Andy Inglis, Head of Exploration and Production, Iain Conn, Head of Refining and Marketing, and Vivian Cox, Head of alternative Energy.Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to this next slide. During our presentation today we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons such as those noted on this slide and also in our SEC filings.Thank you, and now over to Tony.TONY HAYWARD, CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to our first-half results for 2008. In a moment, Byron Grote will take you through the second quarter in more detail. I'd like to start by highlighting some of the major themes.I said in February that 2008 should see operational momentum building across our businesses, feeding through into financial momentum in the second half of this year and into 2009. That is what we're seeing.Overall, we're heading in the right direction, and today's results
BP plc	across our businesses, feeding through into financial momentum in the second half of this year and into 2009. That is what we're seeing.Overall, we're heading in the right direction, and today's results are another step along that path. Recovery is particularly evident in the upstream, where we've been able to capture the benefits of a strong environment with rising underlying production, good cost control, and a number of key startups, all of which has resulted in strong cash flow generation.In Refining and Marketing, there's been important progress in restoring operational reliability in our US refineries, and we're also beginning to see progress on simplifying the business. However, the margin environment, especially in North America, is challenging. And this has limited the benefit to the bottom line.We're all operating it seems to me in interesting times. The world's economy is weakening, and the global geo-political situation is delicate. The oil price continues to be high and volatile. Against this background, BP is making steady progress. Let me give you a summary of the numbers.Replacement cost profit for the first half of 2008 was $13.4 billion, up 23% from the same period last year. Earnings per share are up 26%. Unlike 2007,
BP plc	results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons, such as those noted in this slide and also in our SEC filings. Thank you, and now over to Byron.BYRON GROTE, CFO, BP PLC: Thank you Fergus, and good day to those joining us on this call. The third quarter was another strong performance for the group. And again exceeded market forecasts as we continue to deliver on our promise to close the competitive gap. Strong oil and gas realizations, improved operational performance in refining, and continued focus on cost control more than offset the impact of upstream turnarounds in the hurricane season. Despite inflationary pressures in the sector, our cash costs were essentially flat, compared to the third quarter of last year. We are on track in delivering the upstream growth, downstream recovery and corporate simplification that we outlined in our February presentation. We're well-placed to weather the current storm in financial markets and the recession that's expected to follow and to seize the opportunities that it's likely to offer.Now let me begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. Although the quarter only ended 28 days ago, it feels like distant history. The
BP plc	Head of Investor Relations and joining me today are Tony Hayward, our Group Chief Executive, Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer, Andy Inglis, Head of Exploration and Production and Iain Conn, Head of Refining and Marketing.Before we start, I'd like you to take a moment to read this next slide.Thank you and now over to Tony.TONY HAYWARD, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Thank you Fergus, ladies and gentlemen a warm welcome to BP's second quarter results for 2009. Before I hand to Byron to take you through our 2Q results in more detail, I'd like to spend a few minutes reviewing the year-to-date.Let me begin with the overall business and trading environment. As all of you are well aware, it's been a pretty turbulent few months, best characterized by continued uncertainty and volatility. I am pleased to say that BP continues to steer a steady course through choppy waters.Two years ago we set out on a journey to re-establish BP's competitiveness and despite the current environment, we're making good progress. We're delivering growth in our upstream business, the turnaround of our downstream business is on track and we're driving costs efficiencies across the Company.Back in February we reported our 2008
BP plc	* Simon Hawkins MF Global - AnalystPresentationOPERATOR: Welcome to the BP presentation to the financial community webcast and conference call. I now hand over to Fergus MacLeod, Head of Investor Relations.FERGUS MACLEOD, HEAD OF IR, BP PLC: Hello, and welcome to BP's second quarter 2011 results conference call. Today's presentation will be by Bob Dudley, our Group Chief Executive, and Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer.Before we start, I'd just like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation, we will make reference to estimates, plans, and expectations that are forward-looking statements. Actual outcomes could differ materially due to factors we note on this slide and in our regulatory filings. Please refer to our annual report and accounts in second quarter's stock exchange announcement for more details. Both of those documents are available on our website.Thank you, and I'll now hand over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP PLC: Thank you. Fergus Ladies and gentlemen, a warm welcome to BP's second quarter results for 2011. Our agenda for today will start with an overview of our strategic framework. Byron will then take you through the results for the second quarter, and then we will move on
BP plc	As many of you may know, I am moving to a new role as BP's Head of Strategic Planning and as a result this will be the last quarterly webcast that I host. Jessica Mitchell will be taking over as Director of Investor Relations.I have really enjoyed my nine years in investor relations, and I'd like to thank you all for that. Today's presentation will be by Bob Dudley, our Group Chief Executive; and Byron Grote, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we start, I'd like to draw your attention to our cautionary statement. During today's presentation, we will make reference to estimates, plans, and expectations that are forward-looking statements. Actual outcomes could differ materially due to factors we note on the slide and in our regulatory filings.Please refer to our annual report and accounts, 20-F and third quarter Stock Exchange announcement for more details. Both of those documents are available on our website. Thank you, and I will now hand over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today is the presentation of our third quarter results. I'm also going to use this opportunity to tell you about our direction
BP plc	question-and-answer session later. Now, before we start, draw your attention -- careful attention to our Cautionary Statement. Please read it carefully. During today's presentation, we will reference estimates, plans and expectations that are forward-looking statements. The actual outcomes could differ materially due to the factors we note on this slide and in our regulatory filings. Please refer to our Annual Report and Accounts 20-F and fourth quarter Stock Exchange announcement for more details. These documents are also available on our website.Now, today, we are going to return to the plans we laid out to you in October, our 10-point Plan to grow value. We aim to leave you with an even clearer idea of the path ahead. 2011 was a successful year of recovery, consolidation, and change, and we reached an operational turning point in October. 2012 will be a year of milestones, as we build on those foundations. And as we move through 2013 and 2014, we expect to see the financial momentum building as we complete payments into the Trust Fund, as our operations start to show the benefit of our actions. Our 10-point Plan provides the road map, how we will play to our strengths and be
BP plc	and Integration.And also in the front row with us we have Byron Grote, who is our Executive Vice President of Corporate Business Activities, you all know; [Deb Sanyel], BP's new Group Chief of Staff; Fergus MacLeod, Group head of Strategic Planning; and Jess Mitchell, who you met earlier, head of IR.You will now have an opportunity to put your questions to all of us. We are webcasting this final section of the presentation today. And for those joining us for the first time on the Web and telephones who did not see our previous message, here is our usual cautionary statement. Please read it quickly and early. Once again, I refer you to the remarks I made earlier, which are now posted on the website.So with that, we'd be very happy to take your questions. And direct them at any one of us.Let me start at Theepan -- I'll move in this direction to Theepan.Questions and AnswersTHEEPAN JOTHILINGAM, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Good afternoon, Bob. Thank you very much for your presentation and your management team's time. I want to discuss the financial framework, actually. I think big oil investors increasingly thinking of cash generation, particularly post-CapEx.Three things I would like
BP plc	Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange announcement, and SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you, and now over to Bob.BOB DUDLEY, GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE, BP: Thank you Jess. Today is the presentation of our third quarter results. It is also a quarter during which a great deal has happened at BP. Most notably, last week's announcements of our plans to reposition our interests in Russia, bringing with it much greater clarity to a lingering uncertainty for the group. And it is exactly a year now since we announced our 10 point plan. So it feels like the right time to update you on our strategic progress, and give you a sense of the direction we're taking and why I remain confident we're on the right path.Our agenda today will start with Brian taking you through the results for the third quarter, and then we will take a more detailed look at developments in Russia, and on the US legal front. I'll then come back to the plans we
BP plc	webcast. Those of you on our distribution list should have received them by e-mail. They are also available on our web site. Second, I'd like to draw your attention to this cautionary statement. Now over to Tony.TONY HAYWARD, CEO, BP PLC: Thank you, Fergus. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our fourth quarter and full year results presentation. Before I ask Byron to take you through the details, of our results I want reflect from where BP stands at the start of 2008, 2007 was a year of change for BP. Our performance for the year was disappointing in some areas notably U.S. refining compared to our peers; however, in the second half of the year, they were the first early signs of the improvement. We began to stabilize our operational performance to resolve many of the issues we faced in the U.S. and create strategic clarity on the future. In 2008, we expect to begin to build on this operational momentum and begin to convert it into financial momentum particularly in the second half of the year and into 2009. Let me begin with safety, 2007 saw further improvement in our overall safety performance. We've made good progress in addressing
BP plc	the improvement. We began to stabilize our operational performance to resolve many of the issues we faced in the U.S. and create strategic clarity on the future. In 2008, we expect to begin to build on this operational momentum and begin to convert it into financial momentum particularly in the second half of the year and into 2009. Let me begin with safety, 2007 saw further improvement in our overall safety performance. We've made good progress in addressing the recommendations of the Baker panel and begun to implement a new operating management system across all of BP's operations.Turning now to operations. In the fourth quarter in particular, we made important progress. We began to build operating momentum in our core businesses. In expiration in production, we started off six projects including the delayed Atlantis platform in the deepwater gulf of Mexico . Atlantis is currently producing approximately 125,000 barrels a day. These start-ups helped us grow fourth quarter production by over 250,000 barrels a day versus the third quarter. At our U.S. refineries, we restored Whiting to available distillation capacity of 300,000 barrels a day and expect to restore the refinery to it's full crude capacity and flexibility of 360,000
BP plc	of inventory holding gains and losses. This change should remove some of the volatility that we've seen in the past during periods of significant change in the oil price as in 4Q 2007 and makes our result more easily comparable to industry peers. We expect the full year effective tax rate on this new basis to be within the previously indicated range of 36 to 38%. As usual I'll begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. Our average liquids realization exceeded $90 per barrel in the first quarter, 70% higher than last year. Our 1Q gas realization increased to $5.88 per thousand cubic feet, over 20% higher than both last year and the previous quarter.Taking both oil and gas together our total hydrocarbon realization was over 50% higher reflecting the stronger trading environment than the first quarter of last year. By contrast our refining indicator margin of $4.57 per barrel was less than half that of 1Q '07 and 20% lower than 4Q.Turning to the financials our replacement cost profit was $6.6 billion, 48% higher in absolute terms than 1Q '07. Our profit including inventory gains and losses was $7.6 billion, up 63% compared to last year.
BP plc	PLC: Thank you, Fergus, and good day to those joining us on this call. In February we outlined our plans to restore competitive performance. The first quarter results reflect the beginning of the momentum that will build over the next two years with improved operating performance and the benefits of restructuring contributing progressively towards stronger financial delivery. Before I begin the detailed look at 1Q I'd like to draw your attention to a change related to replacement costs profit.Responding to feedback from many of you, beginning this quarter replacement costs profit will exclude the tax effects of inventory holding gains and losses. This change should remove some of the volatility that we've seen in the past during periods of significant change in the oil price as in 4Q 2007 and makes our result more easily comparable to industry peers. We expect the full year effective tax rate on this new basis to be within the previously indicated range of 36 to 38%. As usual I'll begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. Our average liquids realization exceeded $90 per barrel in the first quarter, 70% higher than last year. Our 1Q gas realization increased to $5.88 per
BP plc	today's presentation, we will make forward-looking statements that refer to our estimates, plans and expectations. Actual results and outcomes could differ materially due to factors that we note on this slide, and in our UK and SEC filings. Please refer to our annual report, stock exchange (inaudible) SEC filings for more details. These documents are available on our website. Thank you, and now over to Bob.ROBERT DUDLEY, CEO, BP PLC: Thanks, Jess, and welcome, everyone. No matter where you on the world or what time it is, thank you for joining us. July to September this year was another big step in moving towards both our medium- and long-term goals at BP. We are reporting solid results, in which the fundamental strength of our businesses is apparent despite the offsetting effects of divestments in the upstream, and weaker refined margins in the downstream. In terms of business outputs, we are strongly focused on delivering our 2014 operating cash flow objectives. And since we last spoke have continued to see momentum in the business drivers that will deliver this growth.Beyond 2014, we have confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable growth and free cash flow. This will come through continued growth
BP plc	phrases. Actual results may differ from these plans or forecasts for a number of reasons such as those noted on this slide.Secondly, as this slide points out, the presentation today contains some non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measures can be found on our website.As you know, my friend and long-standing colleague, Tony Hayward, was recently named by the board as my successor. Tony and I have worked closely together for at least a decade and a half, and I'm excited about him leading the Company. We have already begun our transition. Tony has the skills and experience to lead the Company to further success over the coming years. He will also have the support of a very able team we have built over the last few years.Now I was thinking the other day that this is my 47th results presentation as CEO. These events have been events I have actually always looked forward to, a sort of report card as we have built a truly great company. Now some report cards were better than others, but by and large when you step back, you can see what has been accomplished. There has been
BP plc	you, Fergus, and good day to those joining us on this call. This morning you would have noticed that we've made several changes to the form of our stock exchange announcement. We've also moved from a quarterly trading update to a weekly trading conditions update to deliver more timely information on key prices and margins.These changes were made in response to feedback received from many of you. We hope that you'll find them helpful.Let me now begin my review of the quarter with the trading environment. Oil prices in the first quarter continued to decline from the record level reached in the third quarter of last year. Our average liquids realization of $53 per barrel was similar to 4Q '06 and 4% lower than a year ago.Gas prices have, however, remained relatively flat since the second quarter of last year. Our 1Q realization of around $4.90 per thousand cubic feet was 12% lower than experienced a year ago.Taking both oil and gas together, our total hydrocarbon realization was 7% lower, reflecting the weaker trading environment. By contrast, our refining indicator margin of $9.45 per barrel was 50% higher than 1Q '06. The margins realized by our own refineries did not
BP plc	and gentlemen, welcome to our second quarter results presentation. This is, of course, something of a landmark for me, as these are my first set of results as BP's Chief Executive. In today's world it's become traditional for a new leader to be judged on their first 100 days in office. This is my 95th day, so I hope you don't mind if, in addition going through the quarterly numbers, I use this opportunity to take stock of the Company from the perspective of a new CEO. It's been a busy period. I've been doing what I promised to do at the outset; focus on the Company's operations. And to that effect I've been urging everybody to concentrate on the same three things; safety, people and performance.Whilst my travels to Russia have received a lot of press coverage -- and I'll say more about that later -- much more of my time has been spent visiting our facilities around the world, especially our refineries in the U.S., talking to our people. And I've been impressed by the dedication and teamwork I've seen everywhere in BP. However, my message today is simple. BP's current operational performance is not good enough. This
BP plc	quarter, oil prices continue to strengthen amid concerns over hurricane activity and draws on U.S. crude stocks.&nbsp;Our average 3Q liquids realization of $71 per barrel was higher than both the previous quarter and last year. By contrast, our third quarter gas realization of around $3.90 per thousand cubic feet was down 12% compared to a year ago as gas prices were lower in both the United States and the United Kingdom, in light of ample supplies and mild weather conditions. Taking both oil and gas together, our total hydrocarbon realizations for the quarter and year-to-date were comparable to last year. In refining our 3Q indicator margin fell to around $8 per barrel on the back of lower seasonal demand and the increased supply from the switch to winter grade gasoline. This indicator margin was half that experienced in 2Q '07 and 4% lower than 3Q '06. The actual margins realized by our own refineries were, however, significantly lower than the same period last year, mainly due to the narrowing of light, heavy crude differentials.Turning now to the financials. Overall our results for the quarter and year-to-date were down year on year. This was the result of a number of factors
British American Tobacco PLC	US and India, suggests that the volume declines we have seen in recent years, are now moderating. Industry volumes are down a little over 2%, which is an improvement over the 3% plus declines we have seen during the recession years.Our volume, both reported and organic, was down 1%, which implies continued share growth. Our top 40 market volume share rose by 60 basis points. This also implies that our mix has continued to improve, and this is reflected in our organic premium volume, which rose 0.3%, while below premium, was down 1.6%.The Global Drive Brands and our innovation strategy are the key drivers of mix improvement. With GDBs growing 11%, they now account for 31% of Group volume.Group revenue rose 2%, but on an organic basis, at constant rates of exchange, revenue grew by almost 7%, largely driven by continued Group pricing momentum. The situation in Japan was also a factor, which I'll cover later.Adjusted profit rose 12%, with all regions contributing to this good result.Organic growth, at constant rates, was 11%.The Group operating margin improved by 340 basis points, and Ben will comment on this later.Adjusted earnings per share rose 10%. The difference between the 10% increase in
British American Tobacco PLC	was flat. However, the real story is in the constant organic numbers, which show the underlying performance of the business. Organic volumes were down 0.6%, and if we strip out the Japan benefit, they would have grown slightly, up 0.1%.Constant organic revenue was up 4%, and profit up 6%. GDBs continued to perform well, up 4%, with growth in all four brands. Again, excluding the Japan benefit they would have grown nearly 6%.The decline in industry volumes continues to moderate and, on an underlying basis, volumes were down between 1% and 1.5%. Excluding the impact of Japan, the Group's cigarette market share in its top 40 markets is essentially flat, compared to the full year 2011, and is showing a growing trend in 2012. We continue to grow our share in premium.Adjusted EPS rose 7% to 102.4p but, in constant terms, would have grown 10%. And the Board declared an interim dividend per share of 42.2p, up 11%. As is usual, the interim dividend has been set at one-third of last year's total dividend.Let's now look at the brands. As I said, all four GDBs contributed to a good overall volume growth, up 4.4% at 112 billion at the half-year.
British American Tobacco PLC	on the conference call or watching via our website bat.com. After taking you through our results, there will, as always, be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions.When you look at the headline numbers, 2008 was an outstanding year for BAT. Group volumes were up 4.5% or 1% organically and our global drive brands continued their strong growth up 16%.Revenue and profit rose 21% and 24% respectively at current rates. At comparable rates of exchange revenue rose by 11% and profit from operations excluding adjusting items was up 14%.Our adjusted earnings per share rose 19%, mainly as a result of the strong growth in profit from operations and favorable exchange movements. These results have enabled us to recommend a 26% increase in dividends taking the payout ratio to 65% of sustainable net earnings.And finally, free cash flow rose by just over 50% to GBP2.6b. I know we've always been recognized as a business capable of producing lots of cash. But 2008 was not a bad year in which to remind investors of our credentials in this regard.Our achievements during 2008 follow many years of consistent earnings growth. In fact as you can see from this chart, compound
British American Tobacco PLC	a number of one-off factors, including trade inventory movements in Brazil and the GCC, and the impact of the leap year. Excluding these factors, underlying volume was down around 2%, this is slightly better than the industry, which now expects to be down 2.5% to 3% this year.The difficult economic conditions in a number of markets in Western Europe, softer volumes in Brazil and Russia, as a result of the excise-driven price increases and ongoing instability in the Middle East and North Africa have resulted in lower overall industry volume.The Global Drive Brands continue to perform well with cigarette volumes up over 2%, or [3.5%] excluding one-off factors, against a declining overall market. This demonstrates the continued strength of the brands.We have carried good share growth momentum from 2012 into the first half of this year. Overall market share in the top 40 markets is up strongly. And, importantly, our share of the premium segment is also growing strongly, up 0.7 percentage points. Our fine cut business in Western Europe continued to perform well and volume was up 7%.Adjusted EPS was 8% to 109.1 pence, but in constant terms it would have grown 10%. We continue to reward our shareholders
British American Tobacco PLC	obviously provide you with a much better understanding of the Group's performance and the real drivers behind the 17% in adjusted diluted earnings per share. Reflecting the good growth in underlying earnings, the dividend for the year increased by 9% to 47 pence.Our strategy is working. We continue to make good progress in each of the key areas of our corporate strategy - growth, productivity, responsibility and winning organization. On a like for like basis subsidiaries' volumes grew by 2%, our global drive brands grew by 9% and our top line was up by 7% at current rates of exchange.In addition, we have made a number of pretty tough and difficult decisions in respect of the closure of a number of factories in a number of markets, as well as various other productivity initiatives. The savings from these initiatives are both, and Paul will talk about this extensively, are both funding investment for future growth and supporting earnings growth. In other words, providing confidence as to the achievability of our growth targets. We continue to make good progress on our responsibility agenda. And I've got to say to you that certainly over the last number of months, as I travel
British American Tobacco PLC	gains and rose 17% at current rates and 8% at constant rates, also ahead of trend. The strong start to the year was reflected in adjusted diluted earnings per share, being up 14%, at 22.05 pence, a good start to the year.On a like-for-like basis, volumes were ahead 3%, with strong performances in Europe, Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Lower volumes in Canada and Turkey resulted in volume declines for the America-Pacific and Africa-Middle East region. Global drive brands rose an excellent 18% on a like-for-like basis, with Kent up 14%, Dunhill up 12% and Pall Mall up by a remarkable 47%. Lucky Strike volumes were 7% lower, due mainly to their continuing industry decline in the key market in Germany and competitive pricing activities in Spain.The drive brands continue to benefit from launches in new markets, growth in Eastern Europe and, in the case of Dunhill, good share growth; and a favorable year-on-year comparison in South Korea. For the first time, our four global drive brand volume accounts for more than half of our international brand volume, which rose 8% during the first quarter. A few comments on the region -- Europe saw like-for-like volumes up 3%, with good growth
British American Tobacco PLC	continue to do well, with particularly good results from India and the United States. Profit before tax and profit after tax in minorities rose 7%, and adjusted diluted earnings per share rose 20%. In line with our policy of declaring an interim dividend representing one-third of the prior year's total dividend, the interim dividend is 12% higher at 15.7 pence.Now in the first quarter results announcement, we drew shareholders' attention to the benefit from exchange gains which we believe were unlikely to continue into the second half of the year. We still believe that to be the case. Exchange gains during the first six months accounted for approximately one-third of the 20% rise in adjusted per share. However, based on current exchange rates, it is more likely that for the year as a whole, the impact from exchange will be marginal.Furthermore, when you are looking at our results for the full year, there are also other factors that you should take into consideration, such as the timing of shipments in certain major markets in the first half of this year which will reverse in the third quarter; a very strong third quarter last year; and, as you no doubt will
British American Tobacco PLC	the timing of shipments. But for the nine months, Group volumes are ahead and global drive brands show excellent growth.&nbsp;Throughout the presentation you will hear references to like-for-like numbers. Like-for-like excludes the exceptional charges as well as last year's distortion arising from the new terms of trade in Italy following the disposal of Etinera. So on a like-for-like basis, net revenues was up at 6% at current rates and up 4% at constant rates, slightly ahead of trend. Similarly, profit from operations on a like-for-like basis benefited from favorable foreign exchange gains and rose 8% at current rates and 6% at constant rates.Our associate companies continue to perform well, with particularly good results from India and the United States. Profit before tax rose 3% and profit after tax and minorities rose 5%. Adjusted earnings per share rose 13% helped by a good performance by our subsidiaries and associates, a lower tax rate and the benefit from the share buyback program which more than offset the impact of higher net finance costs and minority interest. Although exchange rates are expected to deteriorate further in the fourth quarter, the growth in volume, revenue and profit for the nine months shows British American
British American Tobacco PLC	up 9% at constant rates with good underlying performances recorded in all regions. Group volumes grew 4.6% to 192b. Excluding acquisition volume, the organic growth was just over 1%. International brands grew 1.4% and our four global drive brands rose 3.2%. The volume decline in America-Pacific follows lower industry shipments in the US, Canada and Japan, and lower volumes in South Korea, and I will address each of those markets in a few moments. There were good volume performances in Asia-Pacific and the 1.1% volume gain in Latin America follows last year's acquisition in Peru.In Europe, the recently acquired ETI volumes accounted for 5.4b cigarettes and there was strong growth in Russia, partially offset by the industry declines in France and Germany following excise increases. Excise also had an impact on volumes in South Africa, which accounted for half of the volume decline in the Africa and Middle East region. After the very strong performance of recent years, there may be some surprise that the drive brands grew by just 3%. Lucky Strike volume was flat, a commendable performance considering the industry volume declines in its two key markets, Germany and France. Kent grew 8% with an excellent performance in
British American Tobacco PLC	with any guidance for the year as a whole. You will recall that we announced in February our new practice of declaring an interim dividend, which is equal to one third of the prior year's total dividend. The Board will review the 2005 dividend payout next year, when we approve the 2005 accounts.I believe that this is an excellent set of results, which underlines that our corporate strategy, that we've had in place now for some time, really is working well.The environment in which we operate continues to be challenging and we have in recent months seen excise shocks, the introduction of public smoking restrictions, and wider macroeconomic trends that have resulted in consumer down trading. However, despite these conditions, our own business is strong and improving.Now, I feel top line growth is important for the long-term sustainability of all sustainable -- of all successful consumer goods companies, regardless of the sector in which they operate. And I just cannot understand why tobacco companies should be any different.In the results that we have announced this morning, we have achieved organic volume growth of 2%. We've demonstrated that our global driver brands are doing well and our top line is growing,
British American Tobacco PLC	[indiscernible] up a little bit in the first half and then 3% in the third quarter.I was just wondering in terms of what we should be looking at for the fourth quarter. Is the 9-month figure a better guide, or should we be looking at the third quarter more?PAUL ADAMS: I'll just repeat the question, Paul. The question was on profits, particularly on the regional profits and what guide does the 9month or third quarter give for the full year?PAUL RAYNER, FINANCE DIRECTOR, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: I think it would still be best to look at the first 9 months [indiscernible] results in Latin America. Brazil was slightly better in the third quarter, which picked up the results for Latin America for the third quarter versus the first half. And for Africa and Middle East the Turkey loses were slightly higher, but I think that should not be a reflection on what happens in the last quarter. And there were some timing differences in South Africa, so that didn't have as high a result as the first half.So I think on balance its best to look at the results for the first 9 months compared to last year as an
British American Tobacco PLC	balanced approach to achieving growth, improving productivity, managing our business in a responsible fashion and developing a winning organization. We will continue to drive all 4 elements of our strategy in order to build a sustainable business and achieve leadership of the industry.In addition to organic growth, we look for value-enhancing acquisitions and although we did not make any acquisitions last year, we believe we have indeed have had some success -- (technical difficulty). We assured that the first-year integration for our Italian business was a success and profitably ahead of expectations. The Reynolds American transaction has given the Group a stronger U.S. business and our 42 percent shareholding is now transparently valued at about $5 billion. Well, we continue to look for acquisitions but they have to be strategically relevant and they have to meet our financial criteria in terms of price. In other words, I'm saying we're not going to be making acquisitions for the sake of it.You will hear more from Paul Rayner on what we have done to deliver on our commitment to cut overheads and indirect costs and to reduce our supply chain costs. So just in summary, to date, we have saved 153 million
British American Tobacco PLC	will (indiscernible) to go through those but if any one of you would have questions on those during the Q&A session, of course Paul Adams will gladly help you along with those.(indiscernible) overview first of all, the question is how did the Group do last year? We believe it has been a good year with all legions (ph) achieving organic growth at comparable rates of exchange with the exception of America-Pacific. This demonstrates the fundamental strength provided by our successful strategy and of course our geographical diversity.Now, discounting the adverse impact of exchange, operating profit at comparable rates of exchange increased by 7 percent. The 20 percent rise in pretax profit reflected a gain in the disposal of subsidiaries compared to a loss for 2003 and lower exceptional costs, which Paul Rayner is able to discuss with you later should you have questions on those.Adjusted earnings per share grew by 10 percent to 75.8 pence, sustaining the EPS growth rate of almost 9 percent since the Group was listed as a stand-alone tobacco company in 1998. Our goal or long-term target continues to be to grow earnings per share on average by high single figures. We are quietly confident that
British American Tobacco PLC	me first point out that whilst we have had a good start to the year, the first quarter is not indicative for the year as a whole. As we progress through the year, the 2004 comparatives are going to be more demanding.Similarly though, the 4% fall in profit from operations disguises the fact that four regions have enjoyed strong profit growth. Whilst the large part of the America Pacific decline is due to the IFRS treatment of our largest associate, Reynolds American. On a like-for-like basis, profit from operations was up around 6%.There were some very good performances around the Group. And whilst we have a few problem markets, on the whole the strength of BAT around the world is very apparent.Before we discuss the regions, let me point out the factors that have affected the results. As I have just mentioned, as an associate, Reynolds American is not included in profit from operations and therefore, is not included in the America Pacific Result. However, the Brown and Williamson tobacco business and Lane is shown in the 2004 comparative quarter's results and will be for the second quarter, and indeed one month of the third. This affects volume, as well
British American Tobacco PLC	during the nine months, and I am pleased with the quality of our volume growth. But the global drive brand is doing particularly well, up 14% in the third quarter.We continue to make progress in each of the key areas of our corporate strategy, growth, productivity, responsibility and winning organization. In terms of responsibility I am delighted to report that British American Tobacco has been selected for the fourth year in succession to be included in the Dow Jones sustainability index.A few words on volume. After making allowances for the Reynolds American transaction and the change in terms of trade in Italy, organic growth -- sorry, organic volume from our subsidiaries grew by 2%, ahead of what we would expect from the business on average over the medium to long term. We have seen year on year share growth in many of our strategic markets; Russia, Japan, South Korea, Australia, Turkey and Pakistan, which overcame declines in Canada, Argentina and Mexico.Global drive brands, as I said, performed very strongly in the third quarter with 14% volume growth, giving a 9% growth for the nine months. Kent is up 17% for the nine months and is likely to end another year
British American Tobacco PLC	are Nicandro Durante, Chief Operating Officer, and Ben Stevens, Finance Director. Thank you all for coming; and a warm welcome to those of you who may be listening, on the conference call, or watching via our website, bat.com.After taking you through the results, there will as always be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions.In 2009, the world found itself in the grip of the deepest global recession since the 1930s. Tough times indeed, with investors and consumers alike, looking for stability amid the turmoil of financial uncertainty and rising unemployment.That's why when you look at the headline numbers, I am delighted, once more, to be presenting another excellent year for British American Tobacco, one that has capped off a highly successful decade in the Group's history.Each one of these metrics showed growth in the face in the recession, and underlines the importance of a consistent business strategy that delivers in bad times, as well as good. It has also enabled us to reward shareholders over the years, and the Group's dividend policy of paying out 65% of adjusted diluted earnings per share, means a 19% boost in dividends to 99.5p per share.Now this chart demonstrates exactly
British American Tobacco PLC	American Tobacco. And with me are Nicandro Durante, Chief Operating Officer, and Ben Stevens, Finance Director.This morning we'll be taking you through the half-yearly results, after which there will, as usual, be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions. And good morning to those of you who maybe listening on the conference call, or watching via our website, bat.com.Before giving you my main impressions of today's results, let me begin by briefly running through the headline numbers. Overall volumes, at GBP348 billion, were down just GBP1 billion on last year. Excluding the Bentoel acquisition in Indonesia, organic volumes were down 3%, mainly reflecting total industry declines in some key markets, such as Romania; Turkey; Japan; and Pakistan.Global drive brand volume rose 6%, with good share performances from each of the brands, although Kent volume has been affected by industry declines in some of its key markets.Revenue and profit from operations, both up 8%, have benefited from favorable exchange rates as sterling has softened against any of our key currencies.Adjusted profit rose 14%.However, the real story lies, as ever, in organic growth at constant rates of exchange. On this basis, we estimate that revenue grew approximately 2.5%. And
British American Tobacco PLC	welcome to those of you who may be listening to the conference call, or watching via our website, bat.com.After taking you through the results presentation, there will be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions.How should I describe 2010? Well, although it's been a tough year, we've performed strongly, achieving or exceeding most of our strategic targets. We didn't get the recovery we had hoped for in some parts of the world, but there was evidence in the latter part of the year that trading conditions are improving in Eastern Europe.Consumer confidence and disposable incomes have been under pressure, and this is reflected in lower industry volumes across our markets. Nevertheless, we have grown the volume of our Global Drive Brands, and overall market share in our top 40 markets.Currencies were favorable. Remember that our top five markets are commodity-based economies, and collectively accounted for just under half of the Group's operating profit. In fact, all of our top 10 markets recorded profit growth, with the exception of Italy, which suffered from the euro's weakness. On an organic basis, at constant rates of exchange, both revenue and profit were in line with our long-term targets to achieve
British American Tobacco PLC	strong financial performance across all regions.Reported volume for the Group was down 1.6%, and organically 2%. This was principally as a result of industry volume declines in Western Europe, Brazil, and Egypt, together with volume losses in low margin brands in Indonesia, and Turkey.We have grown our Global Drive Brands by 3%, with all brands contributing to the increase.Share is up in the majority of our top 40 markets, with strong performance in many markets, including Brazil, Canada, Malaysia, France, Germany, the GCC, and Pakistan; offset by losses in Indonesia, South Korea, Italy, and Turkey. However, following increased portfolio investments, share in these four countries has stabilized in recent months, and, as a result, overall share in the top 40 is up over the last six months of 2012.I am pleased to say that we have good share growth momentum entering 2013.Currency was a major feature in 2012, with headwinds impacting revenue, operating profit, and EPS growth by 5 percentage points. Reported revenue fell 1.4%, but on organic constant basis grew nearly 4%, reflecting good price mix of 6%.Pricing remains strong, and we have already achieved 80% of our planned pricing for 2013.Adjusted profit on a constant basis was 8%
British American Tobacco PLC	of British American Tobacco, my name is Jan Du Plessis. And with me this morning, I've got Paul Adams, our Chief Executive, and Ben Stevens, Finance Director.We will be taking you first through the interim results, after which there will as usual be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions. And a good morning to those of you who may be listening on the conference call or watching via our website, bat.com.Before giving you my main impressions of today's results, let me begin by briefly running you through some of the headline numbers. Overall volumes rose 1% to GBP334 billion, and I'm particularly pleased with the continuing growth of the Global Drive Brands which are 20% up on the same period last year.Our results benefited from favorable exchange rates, with revenue up 15% and profit from operations up 16%. The underlying growth at constant rates of exchange at 6% and 7% respectively was encouraging, particularly in the current economic environment. Our associates volumes were GBP111 billion and our share of the post-tax results, excluding exceptionals, increased by 6% to GBP235 million at current rates and by 4% at constant rates of exchange.There was a solid performance from
British American Tobacco PLC	economic environment. Our associates volumes were GBP111 billion and our share of the post-tax results, excluding exceptionals, increased by 6% to GBP235 million at current rates and by 4% at constant rates of exchange.There was a solid performance from Scandanavisk Tobakskompagni and strong growth from ITC. But the contribution from Reynolds American was slightly lower as a result of reduced volumes.Adjusted diluted earnings per share grew by 16% to 62p. Higher net finance costs and an increase in minorities were more than offset by the improvement in profit from operations, the boost from foreign currency, a slightly lower tax rate and the benefit from the share buyback program.We continued to reward our shareholders with increased dividends. Our policy of paying an interim dividend, representing one third of the previous year's total dividend, resulted in our interim dividend being increased by 19%. You will also recall we announced last year that we intend to complete our move to raise the dividend payout ratio by reference to the adjusted diluted earnings per share to 65% in this financial year.When announcing the preliminary results in February, we reported on the proposed acquisitions of the Turkish State owned tobacco business and the cigarette and
British American Tobacco PLC	Chief Executive and Ben Stevens, Finance Director.In a few moments, Paul and Ben will give an overview of the results. On our website www.bat.com, you'll find the slides that accompany the presentation, together with the earnings announcement released earlier today.After the presentation, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. The conference call operator will give you the instructions on how to ask those questions.A particularly warm welcome to those listening in South Africa. Earlier this week, British American Tobacco shares began trading on the JSE.Before I hand over to Paul, a word or two on some changes in 2009. In line with most UK companies, we'll be moving to interim management statements at the quarter one and quarter three stages, rather than producing a full revenue statement. The interim management statement will contain information about the performance of the Global Drive Brands, as well as regional volumes and trends in market share. We will of course continue to publish full income, balance sheet and cash flow information at the full year and interim stages.Also with effect from January, we will report on the Europe businesses through two separate regions, Eastern and Western Europe. As a reporting entity,
British American Tobacco PLC	morning everyone and welcome to our results presentation. I'm Jan du Plessis, Chairman of British American Tobacco and with me this morning, I've got Paul Adams, our Chief Executive and Ben Stevens, our Finance Director.This morning, we'll be taking you through the half yearly results. After which, there will, as usual, be an opportunity for people in the audience to ask questions; and good morning also to those of you who may be listening on the conference call or watching via our website bat.com.Before giving you my main impressions of today's results, let me begin by briefly running you through the headline numbers.Overall volumes rose 5% to GBP349 billion, driven by last year's acquisitions of ST and Tekel. Excluding the acquisitions, volumes were down 2% mainly reflecting declines in markets such as Russia, Ukraine, Japan and Mexico. Much of this volume decline was in the low price segment. Global Drive Brands rose 5%, of which just over half came from brand migrations.As we all know, sterling has declined relative to where it was a year ago, so revenue and profit benefited from favorable exchange rates, together with the contributions from the acquired businesses and strong pricing momentum.Reported revenue was up
British American Tobacco PLC	and the quality of our people have delivered another year of very good earnings growth.These are not easy times by any means, and 2011 was not a one-off year. We have consistently delivered good earnings growth over the last decade, demonstrating that our proven strategy continues to deliver.This strategy, and the consistent earnings growth it delivers, translates into superior returns to our shareholders. In 2011 the share price appreciated by 24% and shareholders received dividends of 119p per share. In addition, we commenced our share buyback program, and returned a further GBP750 million. Rewarding our shareholders with superior returns is at the heart of our strategy.Once more, we have met or exceeded each of our strategic targets. Most notably, compared to recent years, volume has stabilized. In the first half of the year organic volume was down around 1%, but is slightly up in the second half.Our geographic diversity has meant that you are less exposed to developed markets, where natural volume declines have been exacerbated by the continued economic pressures and high levels of unemployment. Global Drive Brands have continued to grow, and they have grown market share by 0.4% across our top 40 markets.A feature of 2011 has
British American Tobacco PLC	about, I thought I may as well start with one bit of bad news. I'm sure you will have seen from our announcement early this morning that Paul Rayner has decided to return to Australia for family reasons, and accordingly has asked to stand down as Finance Director at our AGM in April. With great sadness, we have obviously agreed to his request and we can only wish Paul and his family well at this difficult time. We're not only losing a brilliant Finance Director, but I can assure you that, I'm sure you'll all agree, that we are losing somebody who is widely respected both inside and outside the Company and who is much liked by his colleagues worldwide.Paul will be succeeded by Ben Stevens, currently Regional Director of Europe. I think a number of you might have met him from time to time. Paul is a tremendously experienced executive. Since joining -- Ben, I'm now talking about. Ben has been -- since joining the Group in 1990, Ben has held a number of financial and general management roles in different parts of the world and I have no doubt that under Ben our Group's finances will be in
British American Tobacco PLC	brilliant Finance Director, but I can assure you that, I'm sure you'll all agree, that we are losing somebody who is widely respected both inside and outside the Company and who is much liked by his colleagues worldwide.Paul will be succeeded by Ben Stevens, currently Regional Director of Europe. I think a number of you might have met him from time to time. Paul is a tremendously experienced executive. Since joining -- Ben, I'm now talking about. Ben has been -- since joining the Group in 1990, Ben has held a number of financial and general management roles in different parts of the world and I have no doubt that under Ben our Group's finances will be in good hands.Having said that, in the meantime, with so much going on, I must warn you all that Mr. Rayner is charged up, as always, and is ready to do battle with you all in the traditional sparring session which is otherwise politely known as the Q&A session.So, back to business. As you will have seen from our announcement, we have a lot of ground to cover this morning. In addition to discussing our 2007 results, we will take you through today's
British American Tobacco PLC	Edmondson to begin today's conference.RALPH EDMONDSON, HEAD OF IR, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm Ralph Edmondson, Head of Investor Relations, and welcome to the first quarter 2008 results call. With me today are Paul Adams, Chief Executive, and Ben Stevens, Finance Director. In a few moments, both Paul and Ben will give you an overview of the results.On our website bat.com you will find the slides that accompany the presentation, together with the earnings announcement released earlier today.After the presentation, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. The conference call will give you instructions on how to ask those questions later.I'll now hand over to Paul Adams.PAUL ADAMS, CEO, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone. Let's first look at the headlines and then some of the detail behind them.Reported Group cigarette volume for the first three months rose 1.3%, due mainly to the absence of the negative one-off factors we saw in the first quarter last year, such as the impact of the high level of trade buying in some markets at the end of 2006.At this point, it is worth remembering that we disposed of some businesses last
British American Tobacco PLC	and then some of the detail behind them.Reported Group cigarette volume for the first three months rose 1.3%, due mainly to the absence of the negative one-off factors we saw in the first quarter last year, such as the impact of the high level of trade buying in some markets at the end of 2006.At this point, it is worth remembering that we disposed of some businesses last year, primarily some cigarette brands in Italy and the Chesterfield trademark in Southern Africa. Our organic volume growth was therefore 1.6%.Looking deeper into these results, it is clear that our brand mix is improving, with an increase in our higher margin brands led by our continued strong global drive brand growth. The global drive brands grew 23%, led by Pall Mall up 31%, Kent up 30%, Lucky Strike up 16% and a solid 8% growth on Dunhill.Brand migrations accounted for around one third of the 23% rise in global drive brands and that was largely Pall Mall in Pakistan. The growth of our global drive brands has resulted in premium volume rising 6%, value for money rising 7% and low price offerings being 8% lower. Premium volume now accounts for around one
British American Tobacco PLC	These good operating results produced adjusted earnings per share growth of 10%.As was the case last year, EPS growth was therefore ahead of our medium to long term expectation of delivering on average, high single-digit earnings growth. As you can see from this chart, our track record for producing high single figure earnings growth over the long term is excellent.Four years into our productivity initiatives we are generating annual cost savings approaching GBP0.75 billion. Both the overheads and indirects initiatives, as well as the work we have done on the supply chain, are well on track. These cost savings are of course partially reflected in our historic result but I should like to emphasize that they have also provided us the resources for investment in future growth.And there is more to come although we will first complete the current program before we announce the next five year target in a year's time. We are also making good progress on our responsibility in winning organization strategies and later this month we will publish our first operating and financial review as part of our annual report and accounts. Now I can tell you, you can expect that to be a high quality
British American Tobacco PLC	BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning, everyone. With a 10% growth in adjusted earnings per share, we have described the Group's performance during the first quarter as a solid start to 2007. As you can see from this slide, which shows the key drivers, we have lower volumes, which were affected by the shipment distortions we discussed at the preliminary results presentation in March. Revenue was lower, due to the adverse currency movements we have been warning shareholders about since last year's interim results. And while profit from operations has been strong, exchange rates have masked an outstanding performance at constant rates.So it's worth spending a few minutes taking you through the numbers to get greater clarity and explain why we believe the Group has made a solid start to the year, but why people shouldn't get too carried away with some of the headlines. Group volumes, at 156b, were down 3%, mainly as a result of the high level of shipments in some markets in the fourth quarter of last year, ahead of excise-driven price increases.At the preliminary results presentation, I noted that volumes in Russia had been unusually high, ahead of the January excise increase. I also noted the
British American Tobacco PLC	one-off factors, which we reported earlier this year, although sales of our global drive brands increased by 6%. Revenue was lower due to adverse currency movements, but in constant currency terms grew strongly by 4%. Profits from operations, excluding exceptional items, was particularly strong; up 9% at current rates of exchange, and an outstanding 18% at constant rates.Our associated companies continue to perform well, although our share of their post tax results, excluding exceptionals, was down by 2%, mainly due to currency, and a particularly strong second quarter last year for Reynolds American. In constant currency terms, our share of their profits would have grown by 6%. With only relatively minor movements in the interest, tax, and minority lines, adjusted diluted earnings per share rose by 9%.We continue to reward our shareholders with increased dividends. Our policy of paying an interim dividend representing one third of the previous year's total dividend, resulted in our interim dividend being increased by 18%. You will also recall we announced earlier this year that our dividend payout ratio for [for reference] adjusted diluted earnings per share, will rise to 65% by 2008.However, stepping back from the detailed numbers, what are to me the three
British American Tobacco PLC	those questions. I'll now hand over to Paul Adams.&nbsp;PAUL ADAMS, CEO, BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO: Good morning everyone, let's first look at the headlines and then some of the detail behind them. Group volume for the first nine months is still down on last year, due mainly to the factors we saw in the earlier part of the year such as the impact of the high level of trade buying in some markets at the end of 2006, supply chain disruptions in the Middle East and the loss of StiX in Germany.Looking deeper into these results it is clear that our brand mix is improving, with growth in the higher margin offerings led by our continued strong global drive brand growth. The global drive brands grew 10%, let by Kent up 18%, Dunhill up 7% and a positive contribution for Lucky Strike up 0.4% and a solid 9% growth on Pall Mall. This global drive brand led growth also helped us improve our premium volume performance. Premium volume is up over 1% led by gains in Russian, Romania, Azerbaijan, South Korea, South Africa, Brazil and the Gulf States among others.Our value for money volume is up even more, at 4.5%. This
Inbev	of acquisitions and divestitures or the transfer of activities between segments.In addition, certain statements we make in this call that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements notwithstanding that such statements are not specifically identified. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as anticipate, estimate, project, believe, intend and similar words and phrases. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict and outside of the control of the management of InBev.Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date in which such statements are made and InBev undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should not rely on these forward-looking statements.This information does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to any security and cannot be relied on for any investment decision. Further, in connection with the proposed acquisition referred to on this call,
Inbev	next to volume growth we're focused on driving revenue growth by increasing revenue [inaudible], implementation of revenue management programs, including global brands growth of 8.6% were very important in our revenue growth program, which ended up with revenue [inaudible] year-on-year +7.8% in the first quarter.Third, we remain firmly committed to become more efficient in all areas of InBev. We're rolling out Voyager plant optimization and our zero-based budget program further into the organization, which helps to avoid full inflation pass through in our cost space. Better procurement is also critical support to fully exploit these programs.Organically, cost of sales was up 3.3% while operating costs were up 2.7%, therefore below our weighted average inflation which is considered to be in the countries we operate between 4% and 4.5%.Fourth; while our focus is and will continue to be growing our business organically, we took two significant actions which will strengthen our Company going forward. In January, we announced the acquisition of Fujian Sedrin, a very profitable brewery in China. This is a great [inaudible] not only due to the geographic location in Fujian and Jiangxi Province but because they bring great people with a performance-oriented culture, a strong and proven mark-to-market
Inbev	results delivered organic volume growth, as you know, and we are committed to growing our volumes ahead of global industry volumes and we did it this quarter. So our Beer volumes grew by 5.7%.Number two. Our efforts to grow volumes must not come at any cost, but as a result of revenue management programs in a consistent way. And this continued to drive revenue, which grew this quarter by 8.3% year on year.And thirdly, our cost management continues to improve. In the second quarter we kept our cost of sales growth at 3.8% and cost of sales per hectoliter remains flat organically.We also drove down on working expenses, as zero based budgeting, or ZBB continues to become a way of life for all of us. As an example, I want to specifically highlight the results our people delivered in last year where we captured E49m savings ahead of schedule in the first half of this year. In Western Europe, under the right leadership, the new culture has been rolled out better than anticipated, leading to a strong cost discipline.While our commitments to grow our business organically, targeted external growth remains an important part of the Company's strategy to strengthen our
Inbev	in other zones were weaker. Our total volume growth was 5.4% year-over-year with beer growing at 4.6. Secondly, we aim to increase revenues ahead of volumes by a consistent focus to the deploy revenue management programs. All zones, except for Asia Pacific, demonstrated revenue per Hl growth, leading to a consolidated organic increase of EURO 1.6 per Hl. And this combined with volume growth led to a revenue increase of 7.1% year on year. Note that for Asia Pacific, both China and South Korea increased revenue per Hl but the change in country mix resulted in a decrease at zone level.The third element of our strategy to increase margins is related to cost management. While our approach is to keep a constant tight grip on all expenses, such that growth in costs and expenses remains below inflation. This focus is underpinned by the programs that we have rolled out and continue to implement across the business.For the third quarter, we managed cost of sales to a 2.5% growth which translated to a lower cost of sales per Hl organically. Put another way, despite facing pressures from inflation as well as some increasing commodity prices, the company was able to reduce
Inbev	from the focused brand initiatives that we've taken in all those markets where we operate. This has led to us making some tough choices within marketing, particularly when it came to selecting the brands that we'd like to forcefully support for growth at the expense of some other brands, which would get meaningfully less support. The projects are already delivering, and combined with ongoing business improvements, led to an EBITDA margin of over 26% in the first half of 2005, which is a substantial improvement.As I've said, we've taken important initiatives regarding our global, premium, and specialty brands in the first half of this year. Most significant in this area has been the global launch of Brahma. Brahma is the only authentically Brazilian premium lager that's highly refreshing and easy to drink. Yes, it's too early to read success, but I'd like to mention that Brahma at this time has been launched in 12 new markets, and the facts are we are experiencing strong distribution gains and encouraging sales. Even in the early stages of development, the figures indicate very strong consumer acceptance, and overall the Brahma launch is outperforming our expectations, which were based on sound consumer research.This is
Inbev	30% in the third quarter with very solid organic EBITDA growth of almost 12%.&nbsp;Second, and I think really importantly, in this third-quarter announcement we saw volume growth across all zones. And as a matter of fact, we saw good growth in Germany in volume, revenue and operating profit. We outperformed the market in Belgium and Luxembourg, also in France, and then we recovered some lost market share in the UK.Third, we clearly remain geared to growth and, as you again know, almost 75% of our total volume is being generated in growth markets. We also continue to focus on improving not only volumes but also profitability everywhere as a way to really achieve balance and sustainable progress.And finally, and maybe the most important of all, not so much in the numbers but in terms of strategy and culture, only 12 months -- slightly more than 12 months after the merger of these two companies our new Inbev culture is truly disseminating all over the company. Everyone, I can assure you, is excited in working with me and our team to transform the Company from the biggest brewer in the world to clearly the best.Just a little bit of comment here
Inbev	that such statements are not specifically identified. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as anticipate, estimate, projects, believes, intends similar words and phrases. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict and outside of the control of the management of InBev.Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements are made, and InBev undertakes an obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurence of unanticipated events.You should not rely on these forward-looking statements. Further, in connection with the proposed acquisition referred to in this call, Anheuser-Busch and/or InBev intend to file relevant material with the SEC. Investors of A2B are urged to read the proxy statement and all other relevant documents filed with the SEC when they become available because they will contain important information.Investors will be able to obtain the documents for free through the SEC's website at www.SEC.gov and A2B's stockholders will receive information at
Inbev	statements speak only as of the date on which the statements are made, and InBev undertakes an obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurence of unanticipated events.You should not rely on these forward-looking statements. Further, in connection with the proposed acquisition referred to in this call, Anheuser-Busch and/or InBev intend to file relevant material with the SEC. Investors of A2B are urged to read the proxy statement and all other relevant documents filed with the SEC when they become available because they will contain important information.Investors will be able to obtain the documents for free through the SEC's website at www.SEC.gov and A2B's stockholders will receive information at an appropriate time on how to obtain transaction-related documents for free from A2B. InBev and A2B and certain of their directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants the solicitation of proxies from A2B stakeholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Investors may obtain information regarding the participants and the interest of the participants by reading the proxy statement when it becomes available.Now I would like to hand the call over to
Inbev	transfers of the activities between segments.With that, I would now like to hand over to today's chairperson, Mr. Carlos Brito, Chief Executive Officer. Please begin your meeting and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Thanks, Michael. Welcome to all of you. I am joined here by our CFO, Felipe Dutra. I'm pleased to share with you the results we published this morning and would be happy to answer your questions afterwards. So let's review the financial highlights based on our three operational drivers -- volume, revenue and class.We had volume growth of 5.2% for the full year, with beer volume growth of 4.7%. However, our own beer volume -- branded volumes -- increased by 5% as a result of our strategy to focus on building branded volumes while reducing private labels and other lower-margin beer volumes. For the fourth quarter, volumes grew 5.7%, with beer up 4.3%. However, our own beer volumes increased by the same 5% as the result of the same strategy.During the full year of 2007, we managed to increase total revenues by 7.2%, ahead of volume growth. This translates into revenue per hectoliter increase of 1.9%, with all zones achieving higher revenue per hectoliter.
Inbev	class.We had volume growth of 5.2% for the full year, with beer volume growth of 4.7%. However, our own beer volume -- branded volumes -- increased by 5% as a result of our strategy to focus on building branded volumes while reducing private labels and other lower-margin beer volumes. For the fourth quarter, volumes grew 5.7%, with beer up 4.3%. However, our own beer volumes increased by the same 5% as the result of the same strategy.During the full year of 2007, we managed to increase total revenues by 7.2%, ahead of volume growth. This translates into revenue per hectoliter increase of 1.9%, with all zones achieving higher revenue per hectoliter. At a constant country mix, revenue per hectoliter would have been 3.6% more than last year. This could only be achieved by improving the mix of products we sold in all zones during last year.Fourth-quarter revenue was up 7.8%, resulting in revenue per hectoliter growth of 2.1%, which would have been 3.8% at a constant country mix.With respect to costs, cost of sales per hectoliter grew by 2% versus average inflation of 4%, as effective productivity programs enabled us to partially offset commodity and general inflationary pressures. In the
Inbev	by the exceptional 9.9% growth of cost of sales per hectoliter over the period versus the prior year. We expected a tough quarter given higher input costs, which could not be offset by supply efficiency programs, and the unfavorable comparison against a very good first quarter in '07, a quarter in which our cost of sales grew 0% as compared to first quarter '06. Cost of sales per hectoliter growth year-on-year should decelerate over the remainder of the year.Nevertheless, it should be noted that the recent developments indicate that the weighted average inflation, CPI, in the countries in which we operate is moving towards the range of 5 to 6%, which is higher than the 4% we previously anticipated. However, we have already mapped additional (inaudible) cost saving opportunities to fully offset the gap versus our full-year cost of sales per hectoliter target of 4%, savings that will show up in different cost lines, but will be used to offset the difference to the 4% target that we have in our system.The second issue that impacted our results in the quarter was weak volumes in Brazil and Russia. In Brazil, we grew share this quarter year-on-year from 67.6% to 67.8%,
Inbev	and I will be standing by.CARLOS BRITO, CEO, INBEV: Hello, everyone. I have here with me our CFO, Felipe Dutra. Results in the first quarter of 2008 were difficult, with volumes down by 0.4%, and EBITDA growth of just 0.7% as compared to the same quarter last year. It is fair to say that the first quarter last year was a particularly strong one, with volume growth of 7.1% well ahead of the 2007 full-year volume growth of 5.2%.This quarter results were mainly impacted by two issues. First, we were significantly affected by the exceptional 9.9% growth of cost of sales per hectoliter over the period versus the prior year. We expected a tough quarter given higher input costs, which could not be offset by supply efficiency programs, and the unfavorable comparison against a very good first quarter in '07, a quarter in which our cost of sales grew 0% as compared to first quarter '06. Cost of sales per hectoliter growth year-on-year should decelerate over the remainder of the year.Nevertheless, it should be noted that the recent developments indicate that the weighted average inflation, CPI, in the countries in which we operate is moving towards the range of 5
Inbev	numbers. That is eliminating the impact in changes in currencies, on translation of foreign operations, acquisitions and divestures and transfer between zones. So we're going to be talking organic numbers.2006 was a year in which we delivered on our commitments. We see because we not only delivered overall strong financial results but also because we achieved a normalized EBITDA margin of 31.9%, while our commitment was to deliver a 30% margin by the end of next year or this year '07. So we delivered one year ahead of plan. If we discount positive effect of foreign exchange rates our normalized EBITA margin would have been 30.5% in '06.Once again we grew volumes faster than the global industry by 5.5%, thanks to the strength of our geographic footprint. Our revenue achievements are in line with our objective of driving revenue growth ahead of volumes, up by almost 8%, with revenue per hectoliter increasing by almost 1.8% for the full year. Total revenue was more than EUR13b, driven by better pricing and mix during '06 in all of our zones. A strict cost management has supported top line growth and widened expansion during the year. Despite facing inflation and increased input costs
Inbev	Latin America North and Latin America South. Going forward, you should expect us to report in this way and we have presented the '06 quarterly results in this structure, in the Annex 2 of our press release.Secondly, in December '06 we announced an agreement in which Anheuser-Busch, or A-B, is the exclusive importer of our European brands for the U.S., since February this year, '07. And we are now reporting this business within the segment called Global Export and Holding Companies. This means that you'll see a scope out of North America and a scope in to the Global Export and Holding Companies, GEHC, segment during this year, 2007.Well, turning back to the business, it's important to remember that our strategy is designed to lead to margin expansion and value creation based upon sustained volume growth ahead of industry, improved revenue per hectoliter driven by a better mix of products, and diligent cost management. Let's start by reviewing how we performed against our three long-term objectives.Looking at volumes, volumes grew in Latin America North, Latin America South, Central and Eastern Europe, and Asia Pacific, while they were lower in North America and Western Europe as compared to last year. Overall,
Inbev	between segments.&nbsp;The second quarter has shown improvements in our overall business with EBITDA margin expansion, volume growth and EBITDA growth. But, we can do better. We have higher expectations for our China and UK operations. In those operations, we have been outperformed by competitors and we must do better. The way to get back on track in those geographies is to continue to enhance our people capabilities, (inaudible) equity and in-market execution, thus building a sustainable and profitable platform for our business to grow.Now let's review how we performed against our three long-term objectives. First, volumes. Volumes grew again in Latin America North and South, Central and Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific, while they were lower in North America and Western Europe. Overall, volume growth was 5% and beer volumes were up by 4.6%.Second, revenue, our objective is to grow revenue ahead of volumes. For the second quarter, all zones recorded a high revenue per Hl year-on-year which resulted in an organic increase of 2.5%. Adjusted for the change in country mix, revenue per Hl was higher by 4.1%. Combining this increase with volume growth led to revenue being up by 7.6% against last year.Our third objective is to have
Inbev	the third quarter, we had good performance in Latin America North, Latin America South and Central and Eastern Europe, while top-line performance was below our expectations in China and Western Europe. Overall, third quarter volume growth was 3.5%, with beer volumes increasing by 3.6%.In the nine months, the volume story is similar, with growth coming mainly from Central and Eastern Europe and the two Latin American zones. Nine months total volumes growth was 5.1%, while beer volume was up by 4.8%.The other key top-line metric is revenue, where our objective is to grow revenue ahead of volumes. For the third quarter, nearly all zones had higher revenue per hectoliter and our consolidated revenue per hectoliter was 1.3% higher. At a constant country mix, revenue per hectoliter would have been 2.9% above last year. Taking increase in volumes and revenue per hectoliter together, revenue was up by 4.8%. For the nine-month period, all zones had higher revenue per hectoliter, leading to a consolidated increase of 1.8%, which would have been 3.2% at a constant country mix. This growth on top of higher volumes for the nine months resulted in revenue being up by 7%.Turning to costs, we continued to work hard
Caterpillar Inc.	today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited.If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC Filings area of the Investor section of our cat.com website or to the SEC's website, where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on October 31, 2008, and also in the safe harbor language contained in today's release.Okay, earlier this morning, we reported results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2008, and we provided an outlook for 2009. Before we start this morning's Q&A, I will take just a few moments to summarize the
Caterpillar Inc.	Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens; Group President, Ed Rapp; and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar, Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the Investors section of our cat.com website, or to the SEC's website where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the risk factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1a, Business Risk Factors, of our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 20, 2009, and also in our Safe Harbor language contained in today's release.Okay, earlier this morning we reported results for the first quarter of 2009, and we updated our outlook
Caterpillar Inc.	this morning, undoubtedly we'll be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in the aggregate could make actual results differ materially from our projections that can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1a, Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC in February of this year and also in the forward-looking statements language in today's release.Now in addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures can be found in our financial release. And again, that has been posted on our website at Caterpillar.com.Now before we start the Q&A today, I'm going to be covering three main topics. The first will be a summary of our second-quarter results and revised outlook. Then I'm going to take a few minutes and talk a little bit about our business segments, and then I'm going to finish up with cash flow and the stock repurchase that we talked about this morning.So let's start with second quarter, which I'm going to discuss in two ways. First, I'm going to cover at a high level our second-quarter results
Caterpillar Inc.	as well.&nbsp;To start off this morning, I will just take a few minutes to walk you through the past year and the fourth quarter. 2005 was certainly a great year for Caterpillar. Sales and revenues were up $6 billion to 36.3 billion for the year. That is 20% higher than 2004 and right on the outlook we provided at the end of the third quarter. Profit per share for the year was $4.04. That is 40% above last year's $2.88 a share. That is $0.04 above the top end of the outlook we issued with the third-quarter release and $0.11 per share above the midpoint of the outlook range.For Machinery and Engines, the operating profit pull-through for the year was 20%. That is the increase in operating profit divided by the increase in sales. For the year operating cash flow was $3.1 billion, and that included over 900 million of pension funding. We used 1.7 billion of the cash to buy back 33.9 million shares, 1.2 billion to fund capital expenditures for capacity, growth and to support new product introduction programs, and in addition over 600 million was spent on dividends. And speaking of dividends, we raised the rate again
Caterpillar Inc.	Harbor statement in the Form 8-K filed today with the SEC.This morning, we reported a great first quarter, and we announced an improvement in the profit outlook for the full year. The first quarter was an excellent start to the year, and compared with a year ago sales and revenues were up 13% at $9.4 billion, and profit per share was $1.20, up 48% from a year ago. Of the increase in sales and revenues, price realization was $587 million, physical sales volume increased $511 million, and Financial Products revenues were $99 million higher.The effect of currency in the quarter was negative $144 million, primarily due to a weaker euro versus a year ago.If you look at the $511 million volume increase, about $324 million was machinery and $187 million was engines. While profit per share was up 48%, consolidating operating profit was up 61% versus a year ago.I think is worth a reminder at this point that the quarter's results included $34 million of expense for stock-based compensation. That is new for 2006, and a breakdown of our expectations for the year is included in the Q&A section of our release.In addition to higher profit, the rate of profitability
Caterpillar Inc.	pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens, and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call. And Jim will kick off this morning's discussion.JIM OWENS, CEO, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you, Mike. Earlier this morning we reported a spectacular quarter with profit per share up 41% from last year. It was the best quarter in our history and our first quarter had sales and revenues of $10 billion. Our first-quarter profit exceeded $1 billion. Both of these are significant milestones that we are very proud of.For the first half sales and revenues were right at $20 billion; profit per share of $2.72 per share and our ROS was 9.4%. And here's an interesting bit of trivia -- our profitability as expressed by ROS was the best first half for the last 40 years. We had to go all the way back to 1966 to find better profitability. And remember, in 1966 we didn't have things like today's level of post-retirement benefits and the expensing of stock options.This morning we also raised our outlook for 2006 with profit per share now expected to be in a range of $5.25 to $5.50 per share. And in our release we made
Caterpillar Inc.	the Safe Harbor statement in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC today.On our call today I am pleased to have Group President Doug Oberhelman with me, and our CFO Dave Burritt. Earlier this morning, we reported another quarter of higher sales and revenues and higher profits. In fact, this was the best third quarter in our history, and our second consecutive quarter with sales and revenues above $10 billion.For the quarter, sales and revenues were $10.5 billion. That is up about $1.5 billion or 17% from a year ago. Profit per share was $1.14, up $0.20 or 21% from the third quarter of 2005.For the first nine months of the year, sales and revenues were $30.5 billion, up $3.8 billion or 14% from last year. Profit per share was $3.86, up 36% from the first nine months of 2005.I'm going to take a couple of minutes now to go through some key points related to the quarter, then I will turn to the outlook for 2006 and our preliminary view of 2007.First, the third quarter. While third-quarter sales and profit were higher than the third quarter a year ago, sales and revenues and profit both dropped from the second
Caterpillar Inc.	Securities and Exchange Commission today.As you know, this morning we reported fourth-quarter sales and revenues of $6.47 billion and profit per share of 97 cents. For the year, sales and revenues were $22.76 billion, and profit per share was $3.13. Sales and revenues for the fourth quarter of 2003 were up $1,088,000,000 from fourth quarter 2002, mainly due to 715 million of higher machinery and engine volume, $200 million from the impact of currency, and $66 million of higher financial products division revenues. Price realization of $63 million and emissions-related price increases of $44 million accounted for the balance of the increase.Excluding the effects of currency, worldwide machinery price realization was about 2 percent positive for the fourth quarter, as well as for the full-year compared with 2002. The fourth-quarter price realization impact was mostly attributable to machinery in the North American commercial division.Profit per share was 97 cents for fourth quarter 2003, up from fourth quarter 2002 profit per share of 88 cents. Profit increased by $159 million as a result of additional sales volume net of unfavorable engine mix. Improved price realization of $63 million reflected the favorable impact of modest price increases taken in January 2003 on
Caterpillar Inc.	currency impact on sales of $176 million, which was due mainly to the stronger Euro; favorable price realization of $74 million, and higher financial products revenues of $68 million. Profit was $412 million, $283 million higher than first quarter of 2003. The increase in profit was due primarily to a $405 million favorable profit impact of higher sales volumes, higher price realization of $74 million and the absence of $49 million in nonconformance penalties paid in the first quarter of 2003. These favorable items were partially offset by higher core operating costs of $77 million, higher retirement benefits of $55 million, and the net unfavorable impact of currency of $15 million.Machinery & Engines core operating costs were $77 million higher than first quarter 2003 levels as a result of higher spending to support volume growth, including higher steel prices, production ramp up, material expediting costs and general support costs to meet the current higher than anticipated demand. In addition, higher incentive compensation due to increasing our outlook above what was originally anticipated and increased spending on product development programs also contributed to higher core operating costs. These unfavorable items were partially offset by the positive impact of continued material cost
Caterpillar Inc.	Sales and revenues for the first half of 2004 were $14.03 billion and profit was $964 million. Sales and revenues were up 27 percent from second quarter 2003 with machinery up $1.17 billion and engines up $429 million. The increase in sales and revenues was largely due to a $1.35 billion of higher machinery and engines volume, $131 million of increased price realization, a $116 million favorable impact of currency on sales due primarily to the strengthening euro and $33 million of higher financial products revenues. Revenues of financial products were $464 million, up $33 million, or about 8 percent from second quarter 2003.The favorable impact of approximately $54 million due to the continued growth of earning assets at Cat Financial were partially offset by a $26 million impact of lower interest rates on new and existing finance receivables. Profit of $552 million was up 38 percent and was $153 million higher in second quarter 2004, compared with second quarter of 2003. The main contributors to the profit increase were higher sales volumes of $356 million, higher price realization of $131 million and the absence of $47 million in nonconformance penalties recorded in the second quarter of 2003.Partially offsetting these
Caterpillar Inc.	second quarter and the upwardly revised outlook for 2005. Speaking of the outlook, certain information we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC today.Okay, let's start with second-quarter results. I am very pleased this morning to report record sales and revenues and record profits for the second quarter. Sales and revenues were $9,360,000,000, and profit was $760,000,000 or $1.08 a share. Just a reminder here, I am sure you all know that the two-for-one stock split became effective last week, and the per-share amounts in our release all reflect the split. Sales and revenues were 23% higher than the same quarter a year ago, and profit was 34% higher. As you read our release and the Q&A included in the release, you'll likely come to the conclusion that in some areas of our business, supply and production capacity are still very key issues, and they certainly are.To put the situation in context, though, I think it is worth noting that sales and revenues have been on a pretty significant upward trend for over two years. While sales and revenues
Caterpillar Inc.	morning's release, but I do want to make a few key points before we start the Q&A.&nbsp;First, certain information we'll be discussing today is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact our expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is also in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC today.Okay. A few key points about third-quarter results. First, I'm very pleased to report the very best third quarter in Caterpillar's history. Sales and revenues and profit per share were both records. Sales and revenues were just under $9 billion and profit was $667 million, or $0.94 per share. Sales and revenues were about $1.3 billion higher than the third quarter of 2004, and that is an increase of 17%. Profit was 34% higher.Machinery and Engines operating profit as a percent of sales increased from 7.9% a year ago to 10.5% this quarter. The margin pull-through -- that is the increase in Machinery and Engines operating profit as a percent of the increase in sales -- was about 26%. And that is our best in over two years. The improvement in Machinery and Engines operating profits was driven by better price realization, which was up 503 million compared to a year
Caterpillar Inc.	I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I am pleased to have our CEO, Doug Oberhelman and our Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp, with me on the call today.Just a reminder, this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Cat.com website and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.In addition, we will be discussing forward-looking information today that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC back on February 19 and our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 3 of 2010. And it is also in our forward-looking statements language contained in today's release.Okay, earlier this morning,
Caterpillar Inc.	and wrap up with a Q&A. Certain information we will be discussing is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is in a form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission today.Okay, let's start with the third quarter results. As you know, this morning, we reported third quarter sales and revenue of $7.65 billion and profits per share of $1.41. Sales and revenues were up $2.1 billion from third quarter 2003 with machinery up $1.45 billion and engines up $614 million. The increase in sales and revenues was driven by $1.83 billion of higher machinery and engines volumes, $136 million of increased price realization, a $102 million favorable impact to currency on sales due primarily to the strengthening euro and British pound and $41 million of higher financial products revenues.Profit of $498 million was up 124 percent and was $276 million higher than third quarter 2004, compared with third quarter of 2003. The main contributors to the cost increase were higher sales volume of $543 million, higher price realization of $136 million and the absence of a $55 million pretax nonrecurring bond retirement charge recorded in the third quarter of 2003. Partially
Caterpillar Inc.	full-year results. Doug will review our outlook. I'll give some specific guidance for 2005 and then we'll wrap up with the Q & A.Certain information we will be discussing is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those those uncertainties is in a form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission today.Before we get started, I wanted to clarify some confusion that exists relating to a difference between annual consensus in first call for 2004 compared with the fourth quarter consensus plus our September year-to-date results, which would total $5.83. The difference is due to the recognition of Medicare Part-B subsidy.When we recognize the benefit for the Medicare subsidy in the third quarter as required by accounting rules, the first and second quarter impact was reflected in September year-to-date results, but not in the third quarter results. If you add the first and second quarter impact of the Medicare subsidy, of 7 cents per share, this would explain the difference.Now I'll turn it over to Lynn to talk about the 2004 numbers.F. LYNN MCPHEETERS, VICE PRESIDENT, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you, Nancy. Before I discuss the numbers, I'd like to say what
Caterpillar Inc.	the prepared conference call remarks, you can go to the SEC filings in the investor section of our website where they are filed as an 8-K.You've likely noticed that we've changed our results release. We've moved the presentation of supplemental data to our website, tabularized some of the information, provided additional information on the outlook and added a question and answer section with answers to questions we thought you'd like to know. We hope you'll find these improvements helpful.This morning I'll cover our first quarter results and review our outlook. Jim Owens will comment on our outlook from a broader market context and then we'll wrap up with the Q&A Certain information we will be discussing is forward-looking and involves uncertainties that could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is in a form 8-K filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission today.Okay. Let's start with the first quarter results. As you know, this morning we reported record first quarter sales and revenues of $8.34 billion and record quarterly profit per share of $1.63. Sales and revenues for the first quarter were up $1.86 billion from first quarter 2004. The increase was due to higher machinery and engine volumes
Caterpillar Inc.	Oberhelman and our Group President and CFO Ed Rapp with me on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. Any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Caterpillar.com website. It will be in the area labeled Results Webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2011, and also in the forward-looking statements language contained in today's release.This morning we were pleased to report financial results for the first quarter of 2011 that were significantly better than last year's first quarter. Sales and revenues were over $12.9 billion and profit was $1.84 a share in the quarter. Sales and
Caterpillar Inc.	everyone and welcome to Caterpillar's second-quarter earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations. I am pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Doug Oberhelman, our Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp, be on the call today and because we will be discussing the Bucyrus acquisition, I am also pleased to have Steve Wunning with us today. Steve is our Group President that heads the Resource Industries business.The call today is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Caterpillar.com website. It will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.Now, this morning, we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in the aggregate we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections, that can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, which is risk factors,
Caterpillar Inc.	portion of the call without our express written consent is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the investor section of our Caterpillar.com website and it will be in the section labeled results webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors that, either individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections, that can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1a, Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 21 of 2012 and in our forward-looking statements contained in today's release.In addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures can be found in our financial release and that will be posted on our website at Caterpillar.com as well.Okay, this morning we were pleased to report our first-quarter 2012 financial results kicking off the year with the highest profit of any quarter in history. Sales and revenues were $16 billion, an increase of 23% from the first quarter of 2011 and excluding acquisitions
Caterpillar Inc.	or recording or transmission of any portion of this call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited.If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Caterpillar.com website, and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.This morning, we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors that individually or in the aggregate could make actual results differ materially from our projections, that can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1-A, Risk Factors, of our Form 10-k filed with the SEC back on February 21 of this year, and also in the forward-looking statements language in today's release.In addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures can also be found in this morning's financial release and that will, again, be posted on our website at Caterpillar.com.Okay. To start off this morning, I'll do a few bullet points that summarize this morning's release. It was an all-time record sales quarter, in fact the best in the 87-year history of Caterpillar, and up
Caterpillar Inc.	Jim Owens; Group President, Ed Rapp; and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the Investors section of our cat.com website or to the SEC's website where it will be filed today as an 8-K. In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make actual results differ materially from the projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC July 31, 2009. It is also in the Safe Harbor language contained in today's release. Okay, earlier this morning, we reported results for the third quarter of 2009. We updated our outlook for
Caterpillar Inc.	DEWALT, DIRECTOR OF IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much. Good morning and welcome to Caterpillar's year-end earnings conference call. I am Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I'm pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens; our Vice Chairman and Chairman Elect, Doug Oberhelman; and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today.As always, this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investors section of our CAT.com website or to the SEC's website where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in the aggregate we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, business risk
Caterpillar Inc.	DIRECTOR, IR, CATERPILLAR INC.: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Caterpillar's first-quarter earnings conference call. I Mike DeWalt, the Director of Investor Relations, and I am pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens; our Vice Chairman and Chairman Elect, Doug Oberhelman; and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investors section of our cat.com website or to the SEC's website where it will be furnished as a Form 8-K today.In addition, what we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, risk factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February
Caterpillar Inc.	our CEO and Chairman-elect, Doug Oberhelman, and our Group President and CFO, Ed Rapp, with me on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the investor section of our cat.com website and it will be labeled in the section results webcast.In addition, we will be discussing forward-looking information today that involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under item 1a, risk factors, of our Form 10-K for the year ended 2009 and part two of our first-quarter 2010 Form 10-Q, and also in the forward-looking statements language contained in today's release.Okay, earlier this morning we reported results for the second quarter and we increased our outlook for the full year of 2010. To start this morning, I will
Caterpillar Inc.	our Group President and CFO Ed Rapp with me on the call today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investor section of our Caterpillar.com website and it will be in a section labeled Results Webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. The discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A Risk Factors of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 19, 2010, and Part 2 of our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 3, 2010.And it's also included in our forward-looking statement language contained in today's release.Okay, earlier this morning we reported results for the fourth quarter, the full year for 2010, and we provided an outlook for 2011. To start this
Caterpillar Inc.	and CFO, Brad Halverson. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited.If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our caterpillar.com website and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in the aggregate could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC back on February 21 of 2012 and also in the forward-looking statements language contained in today's release.In addition, a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures can be found in our financial release and that has been posted on our website at caterpillar.com.Okay, this morning, before we get into the Q&A, I am going to cover four topics. The first will be a short summary of the full-year 2012. Then I will
Caterpillar Inc.	without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you'd like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Caterpillar.com website, and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.Now, this morning, we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A -- that's Risk Factors -- of our Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 19 of this year, and also in the forward-looking statements language contained in today's release.In addition, there is a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, and it can be found in our financial release, which is also being posted on our Caterpillar.com website.Before we start this morning the Q&A, I'll begin by covering three topics. The first will be a summary of our first-quarter results. Then I will take a few minutes to discuss the outlook for 2013. And then the third topic will be our
Caterpillar Inc.	This call is copywrited by Caterpillar Inc., and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written of the Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you'd like a call of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investor section of our cat.com website, or to the SEC's website, where it will be filed as an 8K. In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward looking and involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections discussed here can be found in our cautionary statements found under item 1A of our form 10Q filed with the SEC in August 1st, 2008 and also in our Safe Harbor language contained in today's release.Okay. Earlier this morning we reported results for the third quarter of 2008. We reaffirmed our outlook for 2008 sales and revenues and profit, and we provided a preliminary outlook for sales and revenues for
Caterpillar Inc.	our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens; our Group President, Ed Rapp; and our CFO, Dave Burritt, with me on the call today. This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc., and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar Inc. is strictly prohibited.If you would like a copy of today's call transcript you can go to the SEC filings area of the investors section of our cat.com website, or to the SEC's website, where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in the aggregate we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K which we filed with the SEC on February 20, 2009, and also in our Safe Harbor language contained in today's release. Okay.Earlier this morning we reported results for the second quarter of 2009 and
Caterpillar Inc.	is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our caterpillar.com website. It will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors that either individually or in the aggregate we believe could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22 of this year and also in our forward-looking statements language contained in today's release.Okay. This morning I will start by summarizing our third-quarter financial results, the increase in our outlook for 2011, and our preliminary outlook for 2012 sales and revenues. Earlier today we were happy to report a record-breaking third quarter. Sales and revenues were $15.7 billion, and that was an all-time record, the best quarter ever in our history.Now the quarter did include $1.1 billion in sales and revenues from our recent acquisition of Bucyrus. Excluding Bucyrus, sales and
Caterpillar Inc.	If you'd like a copy of today's call transcript, we'll be posting it in the Investor section of our Caterpillar.com website, and it will be in the section labeled results webcast.This morning, we'll be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in the aggregate, we believe, could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2011, and also in our forward-looking statements language contained in today's release.Earlier this morning, we were very pleased to report fourth-quarter results that capped off a record-breaking year in 2011. To start this morning, I'll cover the headlines. For the fourth quarter, sales and revenues were $17.2 billion, the highest quarter in our history, and profit was $2.32 a share, also an all-time record for any quarter in Company history. And it was a record for sales and profit whether or not you include Bucyrus.For the full year, sales were about $60 billion and profit
Caterpillar Inc.	replacing Ed as Group President and CFO in January as Ed is transitioning over to be the Group President heading our construction industry's business.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, we will be posting it in the Investors section of our Caterpillar.com website and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.This morning, there is no doubt we are going to be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that either individually or in the aggregate could make actual results to differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC back on February 21 of 2012 and it is also in the forward-looking statements language contained in today's release.In addition, we have a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures and that can be found in today's financial release, which has also
Caterpillar Inc.	SEC filings area of the Investor Section of our cat.com website, or to the SEC's website where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC in February of 2007.Earlier this morning, we reported fourth-quarter and full-year 2007 results. I think the headline of our release was very positive and it did a great job of summing up the essence of what has happened over the past year and what we expect in 2008. It read -- Global Strength Powers Caterpillar to Record Sales and Profit. Company Reaffirms 2008 Outlook for Another Record Year of Sales and Profit.I will summarize the quarter, the year, and our outlook for 2008 in just a minute. But the big points are these. The fourth
Caterpillar Inc.	certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that, either individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections discussed here can be found in the cautionary statements under Item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22.Okay. Earlier this morning, we reported results for the first quarter of 2008 and the headlines of the release were pretty positive, particularly given the current economic environment. And there were two points from the headline in our release this morning that I think are worth reiterating as we start today and those two points are sales and revenues and profit per share were both first-quarter records and both were up about 18% from the first quarter last year. And two, this was the best first quarter ever for our financial products business. We had our best first quarter ever in terms of revenues and our best first quarter ever in terms of operating profit.With
Caterpillar Inc.	Relations and I am very pleased to have our Chairman and CEO, Jim Owens with us today; Group President, Ed Rapp; our CFO, Dave Burritt. We will all try to answer your questions today.Now this call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the expressed written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript, you can go to the SEC filings area of the investor section of our cat.com website or to the SEC's website where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that, either individually or in the aggregate, we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections discussed here can be found in the cautionary statements under Item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22.Okay. Earlier this morning, we reported results for the first quarter of
Caterpillar Inc.	our Chairman and CEO Jim Owens, our Group President Ed Rapp, and our CFO Dave Burritt on the call with me today.This call is copyrighted by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript you can go to the SEC filings area of the Investor Section of our cat.com website, or you can go to the SEC's website where it will be filed as an 8-K.In addition, certain information relating to projections of our results that we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause the actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or the aggregate we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, which is Business Risk Factors of our form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 2 of 2008.Okay. Earlier this morning we reported results for the second quarter of 2008. In addition to our normal quarterly release, we
Caterpillar Inc.	we will be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause the actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or the aggregate we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under Item 1A, which is Business Risk Factors of our form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 2 of 2008.Okay. Earlier this morning we reported results for the second quarter of 2008. In addition to our normal quarterly release, we also filed an 8-K with the SEC this morning outlining our 2009 price increase for machinery and engines.First the quarter. Without a doubt it was a very, very good second quarter. Our all-time best quarter ever for sales and revenues, for profit, and for profit per share. I will spend a few minutes reviewing the key points from the quarter, the outlook for 2008, and the 2009 price increase announcement.Let me start with second-quarter results. The headline numbers were sales and revenues up $13.6 billion and that was up 20% from the second quarter last year. In profit per share, we are
Caterpillar Inc.	by Caterpillar Inc. and any use, recording or transmission of any portion of the call without the express written consent of Caterpillar is strictly prohibited. If you would like a copy of today's call transcript we will be posting it in the Investor section of our Caterpillar.com website and it will be in the section labeled Results Webcast.This morning we will be discussing forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking information. The discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate could make actual results differ materially from our projections can be found in our cautionary statements under item 1A, that is risk factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC in February of this year and also in today's forward-looking statements language.We will start this morning with a review of the quarter, our outlook for 2013 and a preliminary look at our sales and revenues for 2014. For the third quarter sales and revenues were $13.4 billion and that is a $3 billion or 18% decline from the third quarter of 2012. The decline was principally a result of changes in dealer
Caterpillar Inc.	could impact expected results. A discussion of those uncertainties is also included in the Safe Harbor statement filed as an 8-K with the SEC today. Earlier this morning we reported record sales and record profit per share for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2006. For the quarter, sales and revenues were $11 billion and profit per share was $1.32.For the year, sales and revenues were $41.5 billion and profit per share was $5.17. For the full year, sales and revenues were up 14% and profit per share rose 28%. Before I review the comparisons with 2005, I would like to take a few minutes and talk about how we did in 2006 compared with our expectations. To put it in perspective, let's go back for a moment to this time last year. On January 26, 2005, we reviewed our '05 results and provided an outlook for 2006. As we started the year, we estimated that sales and revenues would be about $40 billion and profit per share would be in a range of $4.65 to $5.00. Our actual sales and revenues were $41.5 billion. When we issued the outlook, we did not anticipate the acquisition of Progress
Caterpillar Inc.	and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors, individually or in the aggregate, that we believe could make our actual results differ materially from projections is discussed here and can be found in our cautionary statement under Item 1A of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 23.Before we get started on the quarter, just a reminder. We will be holding our 2007 analysts meeting with Jim Owens, our Chairman and CEO, this coming Monday afternoon in Munich, Germany, at Bauma. We still have open seats for the meeting. If you would like to register, please call [Angela Tolbert]. Our IR contact information is on the cat.com website.Okay, on to the quarter. Earlier this morning, we reported solid first-quarter results. In fact, it was our best first quarter ever for sales and revenues and profit per share. All in all, it was a pretty good quarter, especially when you consider the headwinds we all knew were coming, with weakness in construction in the US, particularly for housing, and the severe drop in on-highway truck engines.In terms of the numbers, sales and
Caterpillar Inc.	be discussing today is forward-looking and involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of those factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make our actual results differ materially from our projections is discussed there and can be found in our cautionary statements other item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our Form 10-K filed with the SEC back on February 23, 2007.Okay, on to the results. Earlier this morning we reported our second-quarter. Sales and revenues were $11.356 billion and profit per share was $1.24. From a top line perspective it was a good quarter considering that North American dealer inventories declined about $800 million, we're in a severely depressed industry for on-highway truck engines, and we're facing a tough environment for machine sales in North America including a very weak U.S. housing sector.We were pleased to report that despite these headwinds, sales and revenues were up 7% from the second quarter of last year. In dollars the increase in sales and revenues was $751 million and the key positives were a significant sales increase outside North America -- sales and revenues were up
Caterpillar Inc.	and involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to materially differ from the forward-looking information. A discussion of some of the factors that individually or in the aggregate we believe could make our actual results deliver materially from the projections discussed today can be found in our cautionary statement under item 1A, Business Risk Factors, of our form 10-K filed with the SEC back on February 23, 2007.Okay, earlier this morning we reported third-quarter results. Sales and revenues were $11.442 billion and profit per share was $1.40. This was the best quarter for sales and revenues ever, not just the best third quarter. In terms of profit per share, it was the best third quarter in our history and our second-best quarter of any quarter ever.Sales and revenues were up $925 million, or 9%, from the third quarter last year. A couple of points about the sales and revenues in the quarter. First, this is the first quarterly comparison where Progress Rail is in the base period. We acquired Progress Rail in mid-June last year and it was included in our third-quarter results last year. That makes the top line growth of 9% this quarter all the
Celgene Corp.	in the company's filings with the SEC, or referred to in the press release issued this morning, could affect such results.Now I will briefly review the financial highlights of our fourth quarter and full year 2003 results, and also update you on our financial outlook for 2004. The results for the quarter and the full year were very strong. Total revenues for the full year of 2003 were a record $271.5 million, an increase of 100% over the same period 2002.Thalomid sales for the full year period were $223.7 million, compared to $119.1 million in 2002, an increase of 88% year-over-year, and more than 25% above our original guidance announced last January. Full year revenue from the Ritalin family of drugs totaled just over $15 million.Our net income for the full year was $13.5 million, or 16 cents per share, compared to a loss of $1.29 per share in the same period last year. The 16 cents was above the high end of the upwardly revised range of 10 to 15 cents per share, and significantly above our original guidance of five to 10 cents per share last January.Our balance sheet remains a strategic asset for Celgene. At year end,
Celgene Corp.	in these statements. In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission referred to in the press release issued this morning could affect such results.&nbsp;Now let me briefly review the financial highlights of our first quarter and update you on our financial outlook for the remainder of 2004. The results for the quarter were excellent. Total revenue for the quarter was $82.9 million, an increase of 69 percent compared to total revenue in the first quarter of 2003. Thalomid sales contributed significantly to this strong performance, increasing 52 percent over the year ago quarter and 5.5 percent over fourth-quarter sales. Record Thalomid sales of $69.2 million, Alkeran sales of $5.8 million and $5.6 million in revenues from the Ritalin family of drugs also contributed to these outstanding results.During the quarter, we invested $37.7 million in research and development, an increase of 53 percent from the year-ago quarter. This continuing investment of more than 45 percent of total revenues into R&D demonstrates our continuing commitment to developing our high potential portfolio of assets. For the first quarter, we reported net income of $8.6 million, or 10 cents per diluted
Celgene Corp.	of our second quarter and update you on our outlook for the remainder of the year.The results for the quarter were outstanding. Total revenue for the second quarter was $87.8 million, an increase of over 30% compared to total revenue in the second quarter of 2003. Thalomid sales contributed significantly to this strong performance, increasing 36% over the year-ago quarter and almost 8% over first-quarter sales. Record Thalomid sales of $74.6 million, Alkeran sales of $3.1 million and $7 million in revenues from the Ritalin family of drugs also contributed to these superior results.During the quarter, we invested $38.6 million in research and development an amount that represents close to 44% of total revenue. This level of R&D spending reflects an increase of approximately 27% from the year-ago quarter and demonstrates our continuing commitment to develop our high potential portfolio of assets.For the second quarter, we reported net income of $12.4 million, or $0.14 per diluted share, $0.3 above consensus. This represents our sixth consecutive quarter of increasing profits. And we believe that these results provide a solid foundation for achieving or surpassing our full-year 2004 performance objectives.Our strength in balance sheet remains a valuable asset with cash and marketable
Celgene Corp.	Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. The press release reporting our fourth quarter and year end financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning. It is also available on our corporate website.Dr. Barer will start the call with an overview of accomplishments and the strategic outlook for 2009 and beyond. I'll take you through our financial results from 2008 and our financial outlook for 2009, then Bob will review our operational and commercial results from 2008 and share with you his perspective on our operational and commercial prospects moving forward.Before we start, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27 A of the Securities Act of 1933, and within the meaning of section 21 E of the Securities Act of 1934. Certain forward-looking statements, which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control, may cause actual results, performance or achievements, to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements.These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, research and activities, our products failing
Celgene Corp.	I'd like to welcome you to Celgene's first quarter 2009 conference call. With me, are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer; and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin. The press release reporting our first quarter financial operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate Website. In addition, today's conference call Webcast will include a Power Point presentation, which you can access by going to the Investor Relations section of our Website at Celgene.com. Sol will begin our call with a strategic perspective of 2009. I will then review our first quarter results and Bob will wrap up discussing our operational and commercial results.Before we start, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934. Certain forward-looking statements, which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors, not under our control; may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors
Celgene Corp.	conference call over to Patrick Flanagan, Vice President of Investor Relations at Celgene.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP, IR, CELGENE CORP: Thanks, and welcome everyone to our second-quarter earnings conference call. The press release reporting our financial results, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section at the corporate website at www.celgene.com. Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer, Mark Alles, who is Global Head of our Hematology and Oncology business, and the Global Head of our Inflammation and Immunology business, Scott Smith.As a reminder during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook, in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent 10-Q on file with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date, and we undertake no duty to update or revise them. Finally, reconciliation of the adjusted financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure are available as
Celgene Corp.	of suppliers, including their solvency and ability to supply product, and other factors detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or referred to in the press release issued this morning.2005 was an extraordinary year; a transforming year for Celgene, culminated by the approval of REVLIMID in the last week of December. Our highest corporate priority for 2005 was the acceleration of key REVLIMID clinical and regulatory programs. The significance of the data produced in multiple major clinical trials and the subsequent FDA approval positions us favorably for the accomplishment of our key 2006 corporate objectives which are highlighted by the successful commercial launch of REVLIMID in the United States.The REVLIMID approval was not the only reason 2005 was an exceptional year for Celgene. 2005 was a highly successful year in many additional respects. The Company achieved outstanding results in its commercial operations, research and clinical programs, and financial performance. These developments included record product sales and total revenue, FDA approval of FOCALIN XR, the submission of our REVLIMID supplemental new drug application for multiple myeloma to the FDA, submission of our MDS application in Europe, and the announcement of our leadership succession plans.The financial results for the
Celgene Corp.	efficacy or an acceptable safety portfolio, actions by the FDA, the financial condition of suppliers, including their solvency and their ability to supply products and other factors detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or referred to in the press release issued this morning.Now, for the results. We're very pleased with the first quarter results announced this morning. Excellent progress was achieved across all business units of the Company, highlighted by the initial results from the launch of REVLIMID. Total revenue not quarter rose to nearly $182 million, a 62% increase over the year-ago quarter, and up almost 22% from the $149 million from the fourth quarter of 2005. This sharp rise in revenue was a result of a significant increase in product sales and higher royalties from our Focalin/Ritalin collaboration with Novartis.Product sales were strong for all of our products. Total product sales increased to $160 million for the quarter, up from $98 million in the year-ago quarter, and up nearly 25% from the fourth quarter of 2005.THALOMID sales increased to a record $107 million, a 21% year-over-year rise. With new data presented at December's American Society of Hematology meeting leading to further increases in usage
Celgene Corp.	including their solvency and ability to supply product and other factors detailed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or referred to in the press release issued this morning.We are very pleased with the second quarter results announced this morning. Excellent progress was achieved across all business units of the Company. Highlighted by FDA approvals for Revlimid and Thalomid in multiple myeloma. Let me first review the financial results and then Sol and I will provide our perspective. Total revenue for the quarter rose to more than $197 million, a 57% increase over the year-ago quarter excluding the one-time Novartis milestone. This significant rise in revenue was the result of strong Revlimid and Thalomid sales during the quarter. Total net product sales increased to more than $176 million for the quarter, up 67% from the $105 million in the year-ago quarter. Thalomid sales contributed significantly to the positive results and product sales. Thalomid sales were supported by the FDA approval for newly-diagnosed multiple myeloma and the new myeloma survival data presented at ASCO.The $107 million in net sales is all the more impressive in the light of the introduction of Revlimid and measures taken to allow retail
Celgene Corp.	filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are referred to in the press release issued this morning. Let me now turn the call over to Sol.SOL BARER, CEO, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to review Celgene's progress in the third quarter. Indeed, it was a remarkable quarter for us. We achieved significant success as we advanced our corporate strategies and objectives on all fronts; research, clinical, regulatory, commercial, financial and international as well as continuing to attract from among the best in the biotech pharmaceutical industry as we build a major global biopharmaceutical company. We achieved record operating and financial results for the quarter, advanced our key clinical and regulatory programs and launched Revlimid for multiple myeloma in the US.Importantly, we continued to advance our Revlimid clinical programs to support our growth objectives by leveraging its broad clinical activity across a range of hematological malignancies with a clear objective to establish a preeminent global hematology franchise. We also continued to demonstrate the potential of our proprietary IMiD class of compounds of which Revlimid is but the first product. We made excellent progress on our deep and diverse pipeline including the acceleration of our
Celgene Corp.	referred to in the press release issued this morning.Now, I will briefly review the financial highlights for the second quarter. The results for the quarter were excellent. Total revenue in the second quarter was a record $145.7 million, an increase of 66% over the same quarter of last year. Product sales of $105.4 million contributed significantly to the strong performance in the quarter, increasing more than 33% over the year-ago quarter and approximately 8% over first-quarter sales.THALOMID revenue of $94.4 million reflects a nearly 27% increase over the year-ago quarter and approximately 7% gain over first-quarter sales.The results were also enhanced by the $20 million milestone payment received from Novartis based on the FDA approval of FOCALIN XR. For the six-month period, total revenue reached a record $258 million, an increase of more than 50% over the same period in 2004. THALOMID sales were $182.8 million, compared to $143.8 million in 2004, an increase of 27% year-over-year.To support our clinical pipeline and to advance U.S. and international REVLIMID regulatory filings, we increased R&D expenditures to $49 million in the second quarter. R&D expenditures for the first half of the year are in line and consistent with our expectations for the
Celgene Corp.	call. The press release reporting our third quarter financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate website. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a presentation which you can access by going to the investor relations section of our website at www.celegene.com. Joining me are Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hugin, our Chief Executive Officer, and Dr. Sol Barer, our Executive Chairman.Before we start, we want to remind you that our discussions during this conference call will include forward looking statements. All such forward looking statement include the effects of the acquisition of Abraxis Bioscience unless noted. Our actual results, performance or achievements could be materially different from those projected by these forward looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ from our forward-looking statements are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as our form 10K, 10Q and 8K reports. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements.Also, our discussions during this conference call will include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures provide investors and management with supplemental
Celgene Corp.	these statements. In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified in the company's filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, referred to in the press release issued this morning, could affect such results.&nbsp;We're pleased to announce today that we have acquired all of the outstanding shares of Penn T, the U.K.-based manufacturer of THALOMID, from a consortium of investors for approximately $110 million in cash. This acquisition expands our corporate capabilities, and enables us to control manufacturing for THALOMID worldwide. Through manufacturing contracts acquired in this purchase, we significantly increased our participation in the potential growth of THALOMID revenue in key international markets. We expect this transaction to be 5 to $0.10 accretive in 2005.Now let me review the financial highlights of our third quarter and update you on our financial outlook for the remainder of 2004. The results for the quarter were excellent. Total revenue for the third quarter was $101.5 million, eclipsing $100 million for the first time, an increase of over 36% compared to total revenue in the third quarter of 2003. And an increase of 15.6% over the second quarter of this year. THALOMID sales contributed significantly to this strong performance, increasing 37%
Celgene Corp.	financial outlook.&nbsp;Before we begin, I will review our Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking and are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as estimates and projections, which may cause results to differ materially from those set forth in these statements. In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors identified in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission were referred to in the press release issued this morning could affect such results.Now, I will briefly review the financial highlights of our fourth quarter and full-year 2004 results. The results for the quarter and the full year were very strong. Total revenue for 2004 was a record $377.5 million, an increase of 39 percent over 2003. Thalomid sales for the full year were $308.6 million compared to $223.7 million in 2003, an increase of 38 percent year-over-year. Thalomid sales contributed significantly to the strong performance in the fourth quarter, increasing more than 31 percent over the year ago quarter and approximately 9 percent over third quarter sales. Thalomid revenue of $86.1 million was again
Celgene Corp.	with the Securities and Exchange Commission or referred to in the press release issued this morning, could affect such results.&nbsp;Now let me briefly review the financial highlights of the first quarter. The results for the quarter were very strong. Total revenue for 2005 in the first quarter was a record $112.4 million, an increase of approximately 36% of the same quarter last year . Thalomid&reg; sales of $88.4 million contributed significantly to the strong performance in the quarter, Increasing nearly 28% over the year ago quarter and approximately 3% over fourth quarter sales. Approximately $18 million of revenue from Alkeran&reg; and the Ritalin&reg; family of drugs also contributed to these excellent results. We invested $40 million in research and development in the quarter to further accelerate the clinical and regulatory development of Revlimid&reg; to strengthen our Thalomid franchise and to advance our promising pipeline. We're committed to advancing this valuable portfolio of assets.For the quarter, we reported adjusted net income of $19.1 million or $0.11 per share. This represents our tenth consecutive quarter of profitability. At quarter-end. cash and marketable securities totaled $701 million, reflecting a decline in the value of our Pharmiancle (ph) investment and the cost of converting
Celgene Corp.	like to welcome you to Celgene's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. The Press Release reporting our first quarter 2011 financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning, and is also available on our Corporate website. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a presentation which you can access by going to the Investor Relations section of our website at www.celgene.com. Joining me are Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer, and Bob Hugin, our Chief Executive Officer. Before we start, we want to remind you our discussions will contain Forward-looking statements.Our actual results, performance or achievements could be materially different from those projected by these Forward-looking statements. The factors that can cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ from our Forward-looking statements, are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission such as our Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our Forward-looking statements. Also our discussions during this conference call will include certain non-GAAP financial measures.Non-GAAP financial measures provide investors and management with supplemental measures of operating performance and trends that facilitate comparisons between periods before and after certain items that would
Celgene Corp.	you for standing by, and welcome to the second-quarter 2011 Celgene Corp. earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.&nbsp;Now I will turn the program over to Brian Gill, Vice President of Corporate Communications for Celgene. Sir, the floor is yours.BRIAN GILL, VP CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome you to Celgene's second-quarter conference call.The press release reporting our second-quarter 2011 financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate website. Our conference-call webcast will include a presentation, which you can access by going to the investor relations section on our website at Celgene.com.For today's conference call, we have our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Bob Hugin, and our Chief Financial Officer, Jackie Fouse.Before we start, we want to remind you that our discussions during the conference call will include forward-looking statements which are generally statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the words expect, anticipate, believe, intend, estimates, plans, will, outlook, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current plans, estimates, assumptions, and projections, and speak only as of the date
Celgene Corp.	Investor Relations section of the corporate website at www.celgene.com.Joining me in the room today are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Alles, who is our Chief Commercial Officer.As a reminder, during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook, in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent 10-K on file with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date, and we undertake no duty to update or revise them.Finally, reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure is available as part of our earnings release.I would now like to turn the call over to Bob.BOB HUGIN, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CELGENE CORP.: Thanks, Patrick, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning.I appreciate the opportunity to review the results of the first quarter and our outlook for the full year. 2012 is a year of multiple important milestones with the potential to transform Celgene. I will share with you our
Celgene Corp.	addition to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the investor relations section of the corporate website at www.Celgene.com. Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer and Mark Alles, who is our Chief Commercial Officer.As a reminder, during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook, in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our recent 10-Q on file with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date, and we undertake no duty to update or revise them. Finally, reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available as part of the earnings release. I would now like to turn the call over to Bob.BOB HUGIN, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, CELGENE CORP: Thank you, Patrick, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. I appreciate the opportunity to review the results of the second quarter and our outlook for the
Celgene Corp.	and is also available on our corporate website. In addition, today's conference call/webcast will include a presentation, which you can access by going to the Investor Relations section of our website at Celgene.com. Dr. Barer will start the call with an overview of accomplishments and strategic outlook for 2010 and beyond. I'll take you through our financial results for 2009 and our financial outlook for 2010. Then Bob will review our operational and commercial results for 2009 and share with you his perspective on our operational and commercial prospects moving forward.Before we start, we want to remind you that our discussions during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Our actual results, performance or accomplishments could be materially different from those projected by these forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ from the forward-looking statements are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which is our form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. Given these risks and uncertainties you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Also our discussions during this call will include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures provide investors and management with supplemental
Celgene Corp.	had the privilege of working with a superb management team and exceptional people. Together we built a remarkable global company with extraordinary financial research and development, commercial and operational results and prospects.Indeed, one the fastest growing biopharmaceutical company, one of the fastest growing companies in the S&P 500. I'm most proud that we develop products that profoundly affect the lives of seriously ill patients around the world. After decades at Celgene, I have decided that it is time for me to start phasing out of my responsibilities towards retirement. I am transitioning from my position as Chief Executive Officer at the upcoming annual meeting in June, when I will assume the position of Executive Chair focusing on the overall management transition, Board oversight and strategic initiatives. On January 1, 2011 I will become non-executive chair, and a consultant to the corporation.It is a bittersweet event for me. On the one hand transitioning from the company I love and people I have great admiration for. On the other hand, I now can spend more time with family, including my wife, my four children and 12 grandchildren, as well as devoting more time to charitable pursuits. I am especially pleased to pass
Celgene Corp.	had the privilege of working with a superb management team and exceptional people. Together we built a remarkable global company with extraordinary financial research and development, commercial and operational results and prospects.Indeed, one the fastest growing biopharmaceutical company, one of the fastest growing companies in the S&P 500. I'm most proud that we develop products that profoundly affect the lives of seriously ill patients around the world. After decades at Celgene, I have decided that it is time for me to start phasing out of my responsibilities towards retirement. I am transitioning from my position as Chief Executive Officer at the upcoming annual meeting in June, when I will assume the position of Executive Chair focusing on the overall management transition, Board oversight and strategic initiatives. On January 1, 2011 I will become non-executive chair, and a consultant to the corporation.It is a bittersweet event for me. On the one hand transitioning from the company I love and people I have great admiration for. On the other hand, I now can spend more time with family, including my wife, my four children and 12 grandchildren, as well as devoting more time to charitable pursuits. I am especially pleased to pass
Celgene Corp.	had the privilege of working with a superb management team and exceptional people. Together we built a remarkable global company with extraordinary financial research and development, commercial and operational results and prospects.Indeed, one the fastest growing biopharmaceutical company, one of the fastest growing companies in the S&P 500. I'm most proud that we develop products that profoundly affect the lives of seriously ill patients around the world. After decades at Celgene, I have decided that it is time for me to start phasing out of my responsibilities towards retirement. I am transitioning from my position as Chief Executive Officer at the upcoming annual meeting in June, when I will assume the position of Executive Chair focusing on the overall management transition, Board oversight and strategic initiatives. On January 1, 2011 I will become non-executive chair, and a consultant to the corporation.It is a bittersweet event for me. On the one hand transitioning from the company I love and people I have great admiration for. On the other hand, I now can spend more time with family, including my wife, my four children and 12 grandchildren, as well as devoting more time to charitable pursuits. I am especially pleased to pass
Celgene Corp.	like to welcome you to Celgene's Second Quarter conference call. The press release reporting our operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate website. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a presentation which you can access by going to the Investor Relations section of our website at www.Celgene.com. Joining me this morning are David Gryska, our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Hugin, our Chief Executive Officer and Dr. Sol Barer, our Executive Chairman.Before we start, we want to remind you that our discussions during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements exclude the effects of the proposed acquisition of Abraxis Bioscience unless noted. Our actual results, performance or achievements could be materially different from those projected by these forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ from our forward-looking statements are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as our Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. Given these risks and uncertainties, you're cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Also our discussions during this conference call will include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures provide
Celgene Corp.	host for today's conference, Tim Smith, Director of Investor Relations.&nbsp;TIM SMITH, DIRECTOR OF IR, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome you to Celgene's fourth quarter 2010 conference call. The press release reporting our fourth quarter 2010 financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate website. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a presentation which you can access by going to the investor relations section of our website at www.celgene.com.Joining me in the room today are Dr. Jean-Pierre Bizzari, Senior Vice President Clinical Development Oncology. Mark Alles, our President of the Americas. Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer. And Bob Hugin, our Chief Executive Officer.Before we start, we want to remind you that our discussions during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Our actual results, performance or achievements could be materially different from those projected by these forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ from our forward-looking statements are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as our Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports. Given these risks and uncertainties, you're cautioned not to place undue
Celgene Corp.	to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the investor relations section of the corporate website at www.Celgene.com.Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Alles, who is Global Head of our hematology and oncology business.As a reminder, during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook, in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent 10-Q on file with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date, and we undertake no duty to update or revise them.Finally, reconciliation of the adjusted financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure is available as part of the earnings release.I would now like to turn the call over to Bob.BOB HUGIN, PRESIDENT, CEO, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you, Patrick, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. I appreciate the opportunity to review the results of 2012 and our outlook for 2013.2012 was a year
Celgene Corp.	President of Investor Relations at Celgene.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP, IR, CELGENE CORP: Thanks, Sean, and welcome everyone to our First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The press release reporting our financial results, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the corporate web site at www.Celgene.com. Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Alles, who is our Global Head of Hematology Oncology.As a reminder, during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook, in addition to our regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent 10-K on file with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date, and we undertake no duty to update or revise them. Finally, reconciliation of the adjusted financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available as part of the earnings release.I would now like to turn the call over to Bob.BOB HUGIN,
Celgene Corp.	this morning and is also available on our corporate website. Sol will start the call today with a strategic overview, then I'll take you through our financial results and outlook for 2008. Bob will then review our operational and commercial results for the third quarter, and give you his global perspective on the remainder of the year.Before we start, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27-A of the Securities Act of 1933 and within the meaning of 21-E of the Securities Act of 1934. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties, and other factors not under our control may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, research and activities, our products failing to demonstrate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, EMEA and/or other US or international regulatory bodies, the financial condition of suppliers including their solvency and ability to supply product and other factors detailed in our filings with
Celgene Corp.	ahead, sir.DAVID GRYSKA, CFO, CELGENE CORP.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm Dave Gryska, Celgene's Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to welcome you to Celgene's second quarter 2009 conference call. With me are Celgene's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Sol Barer, and President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Hugin.The press release reporting our second quarter financial operating results was issued earlier this morning. It is also available on our corporate website. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a PowerPoint presentation which you can access by going to the investor relations section of our website at celgene.com. Sol will begin our call today with a strategic perspective of 2009. I will then review our second quarter results, and Bob will wrap up by discussing our operational and commercial results for the quarter.Before we start, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays and uncertainties and other factors not under our control
Celgene Corp.	The press release reporting our third quarter financial and operating results was issued earlier this morning, and is also available on our corporate web site. In addition, today's conference call webcast will include a presentation which you can access by going to the Investor Relations section of our website at Celgene.com. Sol will begin our call today with a strategic perspective on 2009. I will then review our third quarter results, and Bob will wrap up by discussing our operational and commercial results for the quarter.Before we start, we want to remind you that our discussion during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Our actual results, performance or achievements could be materially different from those projected by these forward-looking statements. The factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ from our forward-looking statements are discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission such as our form 10-K, 10-Q and 8K reports. Given these risks and uncertainties, you're cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.Also, our discussions during this quarterly conference call will include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures provide investors and management with supplemental measures of operating performance and trends
Celgene Corp.	accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the corporate website located at www.celgene.com.As a reminder, during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent 10-Q on file with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date, and we undertake no duty to update or revise them.Finally, reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure is available as part of the earnings release.I would now like to turn the call over to Celgene's Chairman and CEO, Bob Hugin.BOB HUGIN, PRESIDENT & CEO, CELGENE CORP.: Thank you, Patrick, and welcome to your first Celgene quarterly conference call. In addition to Patrick, I'm joined this morning by Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer, and for the first time by Mark Alles, who has been an invaluable member of the Celgene leadership team since 2004. Mark leads our commercial organization in the Americas and earlier this year had a responsibility for our Asia-Pacific operations.
Celgene Corp.	Patrick Flanigan, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK FLANIGAN, VP - IR, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thanks, Ellie, and welcome, everyone to Celgene Corporation's fourth-quarter and year-end 2011 earnings conference call. The press releases reporting our financial results and announcing the acquisition of Avila Therapeutics, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the investor relations section of the corporate website at www.Celgene.com.Joining me in the room today are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Alles, who is our Chief Commercial Officer.As a reminder, during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook, our regulatory and product development plan, and the acquisitions. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent filings with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date and we undertake no duty to update or revise them.Finally, reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available as part of the earnings release.I would now like to turn the call
Celgene Corp.	earnings conference call. A press release reporting our financial results, in addition to the presentation for today's webcast, can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the corporate website at www.Celgene.com.Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Alles, who is our Chief Commercial Officer.As a reminder, during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that make may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent 10-Q on file with the SEC.These statements speak only as of today's date and we undertake no duty to update or revise them. Finally, reconciliation of the adjusted financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available as part of the earnings release.I would now like to turn the call over to Bob.BOB HUGIN, PRESIDENT & CEO, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thank you, Patrick, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. I appreciate the opportunity to review the results
Celgene Corp.	or made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.&nbsp;Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance and achievements to be materially different from the results, performance, or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our product failure to demonstrate efficacy, or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the financial conditions of suppliers, including their solvency and ability to supply product and other factors detailed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or referred to in the press release issued this morning.Now I'll take you through the financial results. Total net revenue for 2007 increased to a record $1,406,000,000, an increase of 56% year-over-year. The increase was driven by multiple growing revenue streams, including record product sales of REVLIMID. Sales of REVLIMID increased in both the U.S. and European markets in the fourth quarter and across all lines of therapy. The exceptional commercial performance of our global team translated into record bottom-line growth for the quarter. Fourth quarter of 2007 we reported adjusted
Celgene Corp.	results was issued earlier this morning, and is also available on our corporate website.I will start the call by reviewing our first quarter results, then I will provide insight into the progress of our acquisition. I will end by sharing our financial outlook for 2008. Bob will then review our operational and commercial results for the first quarter, and give you the outlook for the rest of 2008. Sol will then conclude our session with a strategic perspective on 2008 and beyond.Before we start, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking, or made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties, and other factors not under our control, may cause actual results, performance, and achievements, to be materially different, from the results performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements.These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our product's failure to demonstrate efficacy or acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, EMEA, and/or other international regulatory bodies, the financial condition of suppliers including their solvency and ability to supply product,
Celgene Corp.	beyond.&nbsp;Before we start, we want to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking, or made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties, and other factors not under our control, may cause actual results, performance, and achievements, to be materially different, from the results performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements.These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our products' failure to demonstrate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, EMEA, and/or other international regulatory bodies, the financial condition of suppliers including their solvency and ability to supply product, and other factors detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or referred to in the press release issued this morning.As you may have seen in the press release, this is the first quarter where we report the results as a combined company. The Pharmion trans -- acquisition closed on March 7th, and therefore we have included three weeks of Pharmion revenues and expenses in our first quarter results. During the second quarter and the remainder of the
Celgene Corp.	and operating results was issued earlier this morning and is also available on our corporate web site. I'll start the call by sharing our second quarter results. Then I'll take you through our financial outlook for 2008. Bob will then review our operational and commercial results for the second quarter and give the outlook for the rest of the year. Sol will then conclude with a strategic perspective on 2008 and beyond.Before we start, we wanted to remind that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and within the meaning of Section 21 E-of the Securities Act of 1934. Certain forward-looking statements, which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations applied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, research and activities, our products failing to demonstrate efficacy or acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, EMEA and/or other U.S. or international regulatory bodies. The financial condition of suppliers putting their
Celgene Corp.	made during this conference call may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and within the meaning of Section 21 E-of the Securities Act of 1934. Certain forward-looking statements, which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations applied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, research and activities, our products failing to demonstrate efficacy or acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, EMEA and/or other U.S. or international regulatory bodies. The financial condition of suppliers putting their solvency and abilities to supply product and other factors detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as our form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports are referred to in the press release referred to this morning.Now I'll take you to the financial results. We believe the results speak for themselves. Quarterly revenues and earnings climbed to new highs, while they continue to drive commercial expansion and pipeline advancement in all markets. Non-GAAP total revenue for the second increased
Celgene Corp.	VP OF IR, CELGENE CORPORATION: Thanks, Stephanie, and welcome everyone to our third-quarter earnings conference call. The press release reporting our financial results in addition to the presentation for today's webcast can be accessed by going to the investor relations section of the corporate website at www.celgene.com. Joining me in the room today with prepared remarks are Bob Hugin, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jackie Fouse, our Chief Financial Officer; Mark Alles, who is Global Head of our Hematology and Oncology franchise, and the Global Head of our Information and Immunology franchise, Scott Smith.As a reminder, during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those forecasted. A description of these risks can be found in our most recent 10-Q on file with the SEC. These statements speak only as of today's date and we undertake no duty to update or revise them. Finally, reconciliation of the adjusted financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are available as part of the earnings release. I would now like to turn the
Celgene Corp.	and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance, achievements to be materially different from the results, performance, or other expectations implied by these forward looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our product failure to demonstrate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the financial condition of suppliers, including their solvency and ability to supply product, and other factors detailed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or referred to in the press release issued this morning.Now I'll take you through the financial results. Our full year and fourth quarter financial results were very strong underscored by record revenue in operating profits. Total net revenue for the the full year reached a record $899 million, an increase of 67% over the same period in 2005. REVLIMID net product sales for the full year came in better than expected reaching $321 million representing the most successful hematology, oncology product launch ever. THALOMID net product sales for the full year also outpaced expectations achieving $433 million compared to $388 million in 2005. Full year revenue from Focalin and the Ritalin family
Celgene Corp.	we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made during this conference call may be forward looking or made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions under the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties, and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance achievements, to be materially different from the results, performance, or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the results of current or pending clinical trials, our product failure to demonstrate efficacy, or an acceptable safety profile actions by the FDA, the financial condition of suppliers, including their solvency and abilities to supply product and other factors detailed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or referred to in the press release issued this morning.Now, I would like to take you through the financial results. Our first-quarter financial results were exceptional. Underscored by the record revenue in operating profits. Total net revenue for the quarter ending March 31, 2007, reached $293 million, an increase of 61% over the same period in 2006. REVLIMID net product sales increased by an impressive 351% year over year to $146
Celgene Corp.	the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties and other factors not under our control may cause actual results, performance, achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the result of current or pending clinical trials, our product failure to demonstrate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the clinical condition of suppliers including their solvency and ability to supply product and other factors detailed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or referred to in the press release issued this morning. Now for the second quarter results.Total net revenue for the quarter ending June 30, 2007, rose to $348 million, a 76% increase over the year ago quarter. This significant rise in revenue was a result of our growth from multiple product revenue streams underscored by strong commercial performance for Revlimid. Total net product sales increased to $319 million for the quarter, up 81% from $176 million in the year ago quarter. Revlimid net product sales increased 187% year over year to $181 million for the quarter. Thalomid net product sales
Celgene Corp.	this call may be forward-looking or made pursuant to Safe Harbor Provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain forward-looking statements which involve known and unknown risks, delays, uncertainties, and other factors, not under our control may cause actual results, performance, achievements to be materially different from the results, performance and other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the result of current or pending clinical trials, our products failure to demonstrate efficacy, or an acceptable safety profile, actions by the FDA, the clinical conditions of suppliers including their solvency and ability to supply product and other factors detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or referred to in the press release issued this morning. Now for the third quarter results.Total revenue for the quarter ending September 30, 2007, rose to $350 million, a 43% increase over the year ago quarter. The increase was a result of our growth from multiple revenue streams led by an expanding global commercial performance for Revlimid and strong sales of Thalomid. Total net product sales increased to $331 million for the quarter up 48% from $223 million in the year ago quarter. Revlimid net product sales increased
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	Welcome to the 2008 annual report announcement for the Company. Joining me today is Mr. Yang Hua who has been recently appointed as the President of the Company. I would like to take this opportunity to welcome him on board. Given his extensive experience and valuable insight I strongly believe that he will make a great contribution to the Company.2008 was a volatile year for the oil industry, as well as a challenging year for our Company. In this year, many achievements were made. Many difficulties were overcome. Our production reached 195.4 million BOE, representing a strong growth of 14% from 2007.In 2008, we achieved remarkable results in exploration, with 13 independent discoveries and two PSC discoveries. We are also proud of our strong financial performance. Our profit hit another record high and we successfully maintained our competitive cost structure.We continued our strong HSE performance in the year 2008.After a brief review of our 2008 story, we would like to present to you in three parts. Firstly Mr. Yang Hua will share with you our 2008 operating results, including our production, development, exploration achievements through the reserves and HSE performances.Secondly, our financial performance. I will analyze our net profit changing
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	new discoveries and five successful appraisals, OML130, Bozhong 28-2S, and Panyu 30-1 came on stream in Q1. Major development projects have been proceeding on track.Our financial achievements in 2009 Q1 are as follows -- our total revenue was RMB13.95 billion, a 41.9% year-over-year decrease from the same period in 2008. This is, as you know, mainly due to lower oil price. Our total CapEx invested was RMB7.5 billion, a 23.1% year-over-year increase, mainly due to new project development.Influenced by low international oil prices, our average realized oil price in Q1 decreased to $41.56 per barrel, down 53.2% year-over-year. Our total production in Q1 increased by 15%, year-over-year, in which oil production grow 19.7% year-over-year, thanks to the projects came on stream in 2008, including Wijiang 23-1, Wenchang oil field and the Penglai 19-3 Phase II. Natural gas production declined by 4%, mainly caused by low demand from customers. Our net production overseas strongly increased by 30.9% year-over-year, mainly attributable to a net production increase in Indonesia, due to low oil price and approximate volume growth from Northwest Shelf in Australia and notably the OML130 field (inaudible) on stream in Nigeria.Total revenue in first quarter was RMB13.95 billion, a 41.9% decrease,
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	We signed a PSC for Block S in Equatorial Guinea and farmed into the Outer Browse Basin offshore Australia. Early this month, we also completed the acquisition our stake in large offshore Nigeria block, OML130.Moving on to next page, our total production in Q1 increased by 9.5% year-over-year, mainly due to strong production growth in Bohai Bay. For offshore China, our oil and gas production increased even more by approximately 11% year-over-year. The field contributing to this growth, including the Bohai Bay field, are the Suizhong 36-1, Jinzhou 9-3, [AOD] field, Bonan field. And also Eastern South China Sea fields are Liuhua, Lufeng and Huizhou fields.The total revenue in first quarter grow 45.1% year-over-year to 16,660 million RMB, which is the equivalent of US$2,068 million due to production growth and the high oil price of course. Revenue from oil amounted to 15,616 million RMB or equivalent of US$1.938 billion, a 45.6% year-over-year increase. Gas revenue is 816 million RMB or US$101.3 million, a 17.1% year-over-year increase.We increased our exploration and its development CapEx investment to 3.719 billion RMB which is equivalent to US$461.6 million or 11.5% year-over-year increase.Realized oil price rose to $58.13 per barrel, 58.13, while our realized gas
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	Realized oil price was $61.78 per barrel for this quarter.Now, page three. The third quarter 2006 oil production reached 459,460 barrel oil equivalent per day, an increase of 7.5% from the same period last year.Production from Eastern South China Sea strongly increased, mainly due to some better performing fields, for example Lufeng13-2. The performance was actually better than expected but I have also provided you the production loss from Liwan. When the first typhoon was coming and when the production was stopped, the daily production for Liwan was 22,000 barrels per day.On next page we achieved strong financial growth for both three months and the nine months ended September 30, 2006. Total revenue increased by 25% and 37% for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2006 respectively. Average realized price for oil increased by approximately 18% and 33% in the three months and nine months ended September 2006 respectively.Exploration CapEx expenditure, capital expenditure, increased 36% as a result of intensified exploration activities, those wildcat and appraisals.Moving on to the next page, on the projects. 10 major development projects scheduled online this year are all in production or ready for production. Recently, we have also successfully brought on-stream
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	pleased to share with you the results for 2009. Without further ado, I would -- Fu, do you want to speak or --? Okay, Mr. Yang will now go straight into the results. Mr. Yang, please.YANG HUA, PRESIDENT AND CFO, CHINA NATIONAL OFFSHORE OIL CORPORATION: Thank you, Chris. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to 2009 annual results announcement for CNOOC Limited. As you know, I'm Yang Hua. Joining me; my Chairman and my Chief Compliance Officer. Now, today we will take you through the operating and the financial results for the full-year 2009.Our production reached 227.7 million boe, representing a strong growth of 17% from year 2008.Our exploration was very successful, totaling 19 discoveries in offshore China and overseas.Although revenue and the net income was affected by low oil price, as everyone you know, but our strong profitability remains.We continue our satisfactory health safety environment performance in 2009.Before we start, we'd like you to take a moment to read this legal disclaimer. Today's presentation will include forward-looking statement. Actual results may differ from those planned or forecast. Now let's move on to the next page.After a brief overview of our 2009 results, I'd like to present it in three
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	year-over-year increase 31.2%.&nbsp;For the first nine months of the 2005 oil and gas revenue increased by 44.8% from same period last year, to RMB39.4b. Our realized oil price for this quarter was $52.4 per barrel.Moving on to page three, third quarter 2005 oil production rates at 427,414 barrel oil equivalent per day. An increase of 5.6% from same period last year. Production volume from Bohai Bay increased by approximately 40% due to commencement of Luda LD 10-1 and LD 4-2 fields.Our gas production in Indonesia was also up notably, due to high lifting volume from ONWJ, Offshore North West Java Block.On page four we achieved strong financial growth for those three months and the nine months end September 30, 2005. The total revenue increased by 30.8% and 44.2% for the three months and the nine months, end of September 30, 2005, respectively.Average realized price for oil increased by 30.1% and 33.1% in the three months and the nine months, end of September 30, respectively.On page five this slide shows you the highlights of our development project. Luda LD 10-1 and LD 4-2 have been on strength since early this year, first half. In quarter 3, Bongzhong (BZ) 25-1/south, the platform
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	- CFO [2] -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our discussion of the CNOOC Limited first half 2008 results. As you know, I am Yang Hua, the CFO with CNOOC Limited. It's my pleasure to meet everyone again. In today's meeting we will highlight our performance in the first half of 2008, and we are now more than halfway through the year, and are very pleased with our results, to date. In the first half of 2008, we set another record of net profit. The remarkable results are achieved through not only the strong oil price, which have generally benefited the industry, more importantly, but also, our continued efforts in cost control and production volume growth. I'm proud that we have been able to capture the high oil price environment. Before we start, please allow me to draw your attention to the forward-looking statements. Let's move it on to the next one. Looking at today's agenda, I will start with the overview of our major achievements in the first half 2008, including 2008 first half highlights and summary results. Then I'll talk you through our strong financial results, which may be the most exciting part. After that, we
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	highlight our performance in the first half of 2008, and we are now more than halfway through the year, and are very pleased with our results, to date.In the first half of 2008, we set another record of net profit. The remarkable results are achieved through not only the strong oil price, which have generally benefited the industry, more importantly, but also, our continued efforts in cost control and production volume growth. I'm proud that we have been able to capture the high oil price environment.Before we start, please allow me to draw your attention to the forward-looking statements. Let's move it on to the next one.Looking at today's agenda, I will start with the overview of our major achievements in the first half 2008, including 2008 first half highlights and summary results. Then I'll talk you through our strong financial results, which may be the most exciting part. After that, we will look into our operation, including exploration, development and production, and at last will be the outlook for 2008.I would like to start with the highlights of the first half results. In the first half of 2008, we successfully overcame a lot of the hurdles and captured the
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	we had 11 successful exploration wells with four wildcats and seven appraisals. Our net production was 549,589 barrel oil equivalent per day, which represents strong increase of 15.2% over the same period last year. Offshore China production was 480,857 BOE per day, representing 87.5% of our total net production.In the third quarter two of our major projects Wenchang oil fields and Platform B of Penglai 19-3 Phase II came onstream. Oil and gas revenue in the third quarter reached RMB30.5b, jumped 67.9% year over year. For the first nine months of 2008 oil and gas revenue was RMB85b, up 65.3% year over year. Realized oil price was $106.94 per barrel, up 58.7% year over year.Moving on to next page. Our net production strongly increased by 15.2%, mainly attributed to new project came onstream in 2008, including Xijiang 23-1, Wenchang oil field and the Platform B of Penglai 19-3 Phase II.Crude oil and liquid production in Q3 reached 430,729 BOE per day, an increase of 15.4% from the same period last year. Oversea oil production decreased 10.3%, mainly due to low net production in (inaudible), Indonesia, because of the high oil price, as you know. Oil production from Western South China
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	the first half.YANG HUA, PRESIDENT AND CFO, CHINA NATIONAL OFFSHORE OIL CORPORATION: Thank you [Chris]. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to CNOOC Limited's first-half 2009 results briefing. It's my pleasure to meet everyone again. In today's meeting we will highlight our performance in the first half 2009. As we expected, due to the tumbling oil price and tough macro-environment, 2009 is a year full of challenge. However, through all CNOOC people's efforts we have successfully dealt with the challenges, complied with our strategy and delivered a strong result in first half 2009. Our full year target is well on track and we have gained more confidence in our future.Before we start please allow me to draw your attention to the forward-looking statement which you guys have been very familiar with. Let's go to the next slide.Looking at today's agenda, and we're starting with an overview of our major achievements in first half 2009, including 2009 first half highlights and a summary of results. Then we will look into our solid operational results including exploration, development and production. After that I will take you through our financial performance. And last an outlook for 2009 full year.I'd like to start with
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	Ledong AOD 22-1/15-1, successfully came on stream.Our financial achievements in 2009, Q3 are as follows. The Q3 oil and gas revenues was RMB23.61 billion, a 22.6% year-over-year decrease from same period in 2008. This is mainly due to the low oil price, as all you know.Nine months oil and gas revenue was RMB56.13 billion, down 33.9% year-over-year.Our realized oil price in Q3 was $67.83 per barrel, down 36.6% year-over-year, but an increase of 37.4% from the first half of 2009, generally the same as international oil price, as all you know.Our net production in the third quarter strongly increased by 18.4%. The growth is mainly attributable to Akpo field in Nigeria and the Panyu 30-1 and the Bozhong 28-2 South, located off China, which came on stream in 2009.New platforms commenced production gradually from the Wenchang oilfield and the Penglai 19-3 Phase 2, which came on stream 2008, also supported increase in production.The crude oil and liquids production in Q3 reached 525,541 barrels per day, an increase of 22.2% from same period last year. Overseas oil production increased significantly by 240.8%, mainly due to start-up production of our Akpo field in Nigeria.Our gas production reached 699 million cubic feet per
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	announcement for CNOOC Limited. 2006 was a great year for our company; many achievements was made over the past year. Thanks to the strong commodity price and increased production volume our profit hit another record high. We continue to maintain our competitive cost structure and deliver extraordinary returns to our shareholders. Our strong performance is derived from our solid and smooth operation.Now let's try to look at some details; you all can read that page. Now let's look at some detail. Our presentation will be delivered in five parts, and we will be starting with a brief overview and then moving on to our operational results and financial performance in 2006, followed by our production growth profile, and finally, our target scorecards for 2007.Let me first give you a very brief overview of our performance during the last year. In 2006 we produced 167 million barrels oil equivalent, representing 7.6% increase year-over-year with oil and gas production up 4.4% and 26%, respectively. We successfully brought out seven new development projects, which contribute substantially to our production growth.On the exploration front we were also quite successful. Our crude reserve has been consistently getting larger and larger. We made ten new discoveries
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	continue to see stable production growth. The net production was 85.4 million barrel oil equivalent representing 4.5% growth year-over-year. The production volume exceeding our expectation we are very happily reporting.On the exploration front it was also very encouraging with a total seven commercial discovery, in particular Jinzhou 25-1 discovery is a significant one and is expected to be developed into a large light oil field in Bohai Bay. We have also completely completed eight appraisal wells. We are very pleased that in the first half 2007 Liuhua 11-1 restarted production temporarily. The oil field are currently producing 23,000 barrels a day, slightly higher (inaudible), almost equal to the volumes four and a half years ago.Our production costs was also under control in the first half of the year. In order to share the operational results of the company with the shareholders the Board has approved an interim dividend of HKD0.13 a share.Here is a quick snapshot of our middle year financial results. As I said earlier, net production increased by 4.5% year-over-year. The gas production rapidly increased by 28.5% year-over-year. Oil and gas sale was slightly down 6.4% year-over-year due to low realized oil price and a global weaker oil
China National Offshore Oil Corporation	of 0.3% from the same period last year. Overseas oil production increased 19.6%, mainly due to more production from North West Shelf Project in Australia. Our production from Bohai Bay, Western South China Sea and Eastern South China Sea maintained slightly increased, mainly due to the out-performance of the oil field, which [were on strength] in the past few years. Our production from Eastern South China Sea increased due to some oil fields, including [Jinxian], 24-3, (inaudible) 13-1 and 13-2. Suspended production for maintenance, as we discussed in H1 2007 results release.Strong growth of the gas production continued in Q3 2007, which recorded a 17.9% growth year-over-year, mainly due to commissioning of [Tutung] 11 Phase 2, and North West Shelf Project (inaudible). The continuously quick growth of natural gas production indicated that our natural gas strategy has turned from a vision into a real ability.On the financial side, average realized oil price increased by 9% in the three months ending September 30, 2007, as the international oil price soared and the demand for fuel oil strongly increased in Q3. Our development and exploration CapEx are on the budget and on time in Q3. The continuous growth of the CapEx reflected
Colgate-Palmolive	are good, as well. On our last conference call, Reuben referred to some degree of loss of focus we briefly experienced here in the U.S. As I am sure he will tell you himself, we all strongly believe the focus is firmly back where it had been and should be. He also reiterated confidence in our basic business fundamentals around the world, and this is born out by both our finish to the year and expectations for 2004. As we have done consistently year in and your out, we have made extra investments in the parts of the world that required it and that has been funded by the extra margin generated in other regions. Our commitment to re-ignite momentum in the U.S., to further build market share is very firm and is beginning to show results, even as we speak. Despite all the clamor, 2003 turned out to be a solid, very profitable year, and will serve as a starting point for another good year in 2004.Turning to the specifics of the quarterly P&L, worldwide sales increased 6.5 percent, the best fourth-quarter sales growth in many years. Unit volume worldwide in the quarter increased 2 percent. As we all
Colgate-Palmolive	last year in the growth markets, Latin America, Eastern Europe and Russia and Asia-Pacific has continued into the first quarter, and our Hill's business remains very solid.&nbsp;You all know about the difficult comparisons we faced in the first half of 2004 as a result of the strong sales of Simply White Tooth Whitening Gel here in the U.S. in the year ago period. I think you'll see that even when that difficult comparison our global business is growing nicely, so let's look more specifically at the P&L. Worldwide sales increased 7%. Excluding divestment sales increased 8% on a volume increase of 4%. Volume in all our international divisions, as well as Hill's, was excellent. Here in the U.S., volume excluding Simply White Tooth Whitening Gel was good, and as expected showed sequential improvements from the second half of last year. This improvement is expected to continue. Worldwide, favorable currency added 5% to sales, and pricing be including impact of coupons and consumer promotion was -1%.Gross profit increased 40 basis points to a record 55.7% of sales on top of a report level last year, as well. And as we told you on our year-end conference call, we expect gross profit
Colgate-Palmolive	improvement has provided funds for increased business building marketing support behind new and existing products. Our acquisition of the GABA Oral Care business in Europe is complete. Our global strategic focus in the high margin businesses of oral and personal care while simultaneously methodically divesting our lowest margin detergent business, region by region is serving us well.In the quarter and first half, our toothpaste and personal care volume increases were solid and as per our strategic intent, higher than the company as a whole. We expect this to continue going forward. We feel strongly that our proven business model and our emphasis on our basic financial strategy continue to allow us to deliver solid results in spite of the year marked by intense competitive and raw material cost pressures for all. As you see in the press lease, sales in the quarter increased 5 1/2% on strong global volume growth of 5%. Volume increased in every operating division for the first time in four quarters and has shown sequential improvements from the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year. This volume acceleration is expected to continue into the third and fourth quarters. Pricing net of
Colgate-Palmolive	me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Ed Phillips Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from those statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our annual report on 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the caption Risk Factors and cautionary statements on forward-looking statements. We will discuss our results and expectations excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, and certain other items pertaining to the 12 months ended 2007. In addition, we will also discuss organic sales growth, which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation of these measures with their corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release, and the company's financial statements and is posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.Colgate.com, and we'll be glad to answer any questions you may have including or
Colgate-Palmolive	welcome to our first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Ed Phillips, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guaranteed to future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our annual report on 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the caption Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on forward-looking statements.We will discuss organic sales growth, which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures and we will also discuss our results and expectations, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program which was completed last year. A full reconciliation of these measures with their corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and the company's financial statements, and is posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. We will be glad to answer any questions you
Colgate-Palmolive	this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions, Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-Looking Statements.This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions, and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, operating profit, net income, and earnings per share, excluding the impact of certain items described in the press release. And a full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted in the For Investors section of our website at www.Colgatepalmolive.com.We are delighted
Colgate-Palmolive	results excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our Website at www.Colgate.com.During the Q&A we will answer any specific questions including or excluding these items as you may wish. We are delighted with this quarters results, which show a strong finish to the year and set the stage for another good year in 2006. It is a strong P&L with all the ratios moving in the right direction. Our financial strategy, with which you are very familiar, is back on track. Soft line sales in unit volume are up, gross margin increased strongly, overhead expenses are down. This has allowed meaningful increases in worldwide advertising while operating margin, net income and earnings per share have grown. Our businesses and marketshares are strong around the world.Also in the quarter we announced the sale of our Asian detergent business consistent with our focus on the higher margin categories of oral care, personal care and pet nutrition. So let's focus first on the worldwide P&L. Excluding divestitures, sales increased 5.5% and volume increased 4.5% on top of a 10% sales and 9% volume growth in the fourth quarter of last year. Pricing increased
Colgate-Palmolive	excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com.We're delighted to report what we think is a very strong quarter, one which set first quarter records on virtually every line of the P&L, sales, gross profit margins, advertising levels, operating profits and earnings per share. Unit volume was strong across all our operating units and particularly impressive on a worldwide basis when compared with the really excellent volume quarter a year ago. This healthy sales growth coupled with a strong growth margin increase and a tight control on fixed expenses has allowed us to continue to invest behind our brands globally while still delivering double-digit operating profit and EPS growth.First, the overall P&L. As I said, volume was excellent, up 7% excluding divestitures, pricing added a 1.5%. I think you all know that we've undertaken a worldwide initiative to improve the efficiency of trade spending, which should result in more positive pricing. We're still of course in early stages, but we're excited with the progress we are making. The learnings that are being generated and expected to be an important driver in our gross margin growth over the
Colgate-Palmolive	items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our Web site at www.Colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude comparable charges.We're very pleased with the strong quarter which was detailed in this morning's press release. I will spend just a few moments on some highlights overall and then review the divisions. But before we turn it over to Q&A, Ian Cook would like to make a few remarks concerning our outlook going forward.Good volume growth across all divisions was supported by strong increases in advertising. Advertising was up absolutely and as a percent of sales in North America, Latin America, greater Asia-Africa, and Hill's. Our gross margin increase of 100 basis points was the result of our continued funding the growth program, as well as the incremental benefits now being realized by our restructuring and the start of returns from our promotional efficiency building program. As Reuben mentioned in the press release, we were able to increase advertising and profitability in the face of significant raw material cost pressures.Our restructuring program remains on track, and we're beginning to see a ramp-up in the savings associated with it, as we had indicated to you
Colgate-Palmolive	release and posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude comparable charges. During the Q&A, we will answer any questions including or excluding these items, as you may wish.We are indeed pleased with our results for the third quarter of 2006. Clearly, the momentum that we had seen in the first half of this year has continued. Evidence of that can be seen in our strong sales growth, as well as strong unit volume growth in all divisions. Excellent gross profit growth of 140 basis points ahead of our targeted range, good media increases in every division, strong operating profit growth and continued double-digit earnings per share growth. And of course, this is also reflected in increasing market shares in many countries.Our restructuring and business building program is proceeding well. We feel that our excellent gross margin performance, as well as continued containment of our worldwide overhead expenses, is clearly indicative of the increasing success of this program. Savings from restructuring contributed a healthy 60 basis points to our gross margin increase. While our ongoing funding to growth programs delivered additional substantial savings as well. Both these initiatives more than offset
Colgate-Palmolive	to review with you our second quarter earnings and the strong resurgence in our business. As we said in the press release, we had record top line results and our unit value is strong across all operating units. Worldwide new products have played an important role and their launches have been supported by vigorous business building efforts.Market shares are healthy and growing in our full focus categories, both our ongoing savings programs and our restructuring programs are proceeding as planned. And we look forward to generating even more savings as we move to the second half of the year.Let's look in more detail at the quarterly P&L. Worldwide sales increased 10.5%, the largest quarterly increase in almost 10 years with volume up 8%. Sales and volumes excluding the effects of the Gaza acquisition were up 9% and 6.5% respectively, an acceleration from the strong results in the first quarter.Our top line was very strong in Latin America, North America, Eastern Europe and Africa. Worldwide pricing was even with last year, a continuation of the improving trend we have seen since 3rd quarter 2004 and the first time pricing has been flat in seven quarters. This is very encouraging for our
Colgate-Palmolive	live at www.colgate.com.&nbsp;Just as a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer sessions begins due to the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Good morning, and welcome everybody. With me is Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call call include forward-looking statements. And these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions at this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events and results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and available on our website, including the information set forth under the caption &quot;Risk Factors&quot; and &quot;Cautionary Statements on Forward-Looking Statements.&quot;We will discuss our results and outlook, excluding the one-time charge of $271 million related to the transition to hyperinflationary accounting in Venezuela as of the 1st of January 2010.We will also discuss organic sale's
Colgate-Palmolive	have come at a cost to short term profits. You also know that raw and packing material prices have increased essentially to the levels we envisioned when we talked to you last. We have offset a great deal of these increases with our many savings programs which are functioning well. Historically we have been able to more than offset cost increases with our cost reduction. With a substantial amount left over to fund increases in commercial spending.In the very short term, the combination of extra spending and increased costs cannot be completely funded by our existing programs. And as you will see this will improve shortly. You will hear how we have materially increased global media spending. Global advertising and what we have been calling global total commercial spending. Commercial spending is an aggregate of all the business building activities in which we engage. Some this spending is reflected as a negative in price and part is accounted for in advertising portion of SG&A. And as I think you already know, we consider it vital that we deal decisively with global economic and competitive pressures in a manner that will allow us to emerge with enhanced, more profitable global franchises
Colgate-Palmolive	Most importantly, market shares are growing in the key countries we have identified as critical to our future growth. Our restructuring and business building program announced in December is well underway and should begin to deliver important savings throughout 2005 and beyond.Our remarks this morning will refer to our results excluding the previously-announced restructuring charge of $48 million after tax. Which was included in our numbers as reported in the press release and accompanying financial information. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding the restructuring charges is included with the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at WWW.Colgate.com. Obviously we will answer any specific questions including or excluding the restructuring as you may wish. For the fourth quarter, our results were encouragingly somewhat better than expected on virtually all lines of the P&L. Worldwide sales excluding divestitures increased 10.5 percent and volume increased 9 percent excluding divestments. The highest volume increase in almost 10 years. Volume was good across all of divisions. All of the Colgate divisions combined were up 10 percent. Current fee net of pricing was positive 1.5 percent. It is of note that worldwide pricing and promotion which
Colgate-Palmolive	will answer any specific questions, including or excluding the restructuring, as you may wish.All of us are delighted the year has started out well, and I'd like to reflect just for a moment on why we are encouraged.As you know, we and other consumer products companies are operating in a tough environment. It's highly competitive around the world, and raw and packing material costs are sharply up. This makes the dual task of simultaneously spending to improve market shares while delivering our profit goals even more important than normally is. So we're pleased that we've been able to do that in the first quarter, and we expect to do it for the full year. I believe the results are evident throughout the P&L and balance sheet.For the quarter we had excellent top line growth. Sales excluding divestitures were strong, up 9.5%. Excluding our acquisition of GABA, they increased a healthy 7%. Volume growth was robust, increasing 7.5%. And volume grew in every division around the world. Excluding GABA, volume was up 5%. And prospects for volume growth remain good for the remainder of 2005. Even excluding GABA, our worldwide oral care volume increase was 10%.Very importantly worldwide pricing was only
Colgate-Palmolive	www.Colgate.com.&nbsp;Just as a reminder, there will be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session will begin, due to be the web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, SVP IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. With me today are Ian Cook, Chairman, President, and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the caption risk factors and cautionary statement on forward-looking statements.We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions, and divestitures.A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press
Colgate-Palmolive	be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the Web simulcast. At this time for opening remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, SVP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE CO.: Thank you, Elizabeth. Good morning, everybody and welcome to our second-quarter 2011 conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. And these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements.We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is
Colgate-Palmolive	ahead.BINA THOMPSON, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE CO: Thanks, Ann. Good morning and welcome to our First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO, Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Corporate Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on forward-looking statements.We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales, operating profit, operating profit margin, net income and earnings per share on a diluted basis, excluding the impact of the items described in the press release and earnings per share on a currency neutral basis. A full
Colgate-Palmolive	CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements.For information about certain factors that could cause such differences investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the caption Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-Looking Statements.We will discuss organic sales growth excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, operating profit, net income and earnings per share excluding the impact of the one-time items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.ColgatePalmolive.com.We are very pleased with our second-quarter results, particularly in light of an increasingly unpredictable global economy. Of particular note is our organic sales growth which was positive in every division and up double digits in the
Colgate-Palmolive	in the press release and posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.Colgate.com. Obviously during the Q&A we will answer any specific questions including or excluding these items as you may wish.So we're delighted to report what we think is an excellent quarter with record sales, record profits, and unusual momentum. The business building plans we've put in place and have described to you in previous quarters are clearly producing results. Our top line continues to increase through internal growth with every division delivering strong volume growth and increased operating profit. The combination of our restructuring program and our vigorous worldwide ongoing savings projects are generating increased funds to strongly support the business. And you will see that our P&L reflects our ongoing financial strategy of methodically increasing our gross margin while we continuously reduce our overhead. And this, in turn, allows us to increase advertising at the same time as we grow the bottom line.New product activity is very robust around the world, and our core business market shares are growing virtually everywhere as a result. As you would expect, we are growing fastest in our higher margin businesses, particularly oral care. This and our savings
Colgate-Palmolive	ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, VP - IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you [Berlise], and good morning everybody. And welcome to our fourth quarter earning release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President, and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, who has been elected Treasurer, effective February 1.This conference call will include forward- looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So for information about certain factors that could causes such differences, investors should consult our annual report on Form 10- K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions &quot;Risk Factors&quot; and &quot;Cautionary Statements&quot; on forward- looking statements.We will discuss our results excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, which was completed in 2008, and a full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release, and is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at website at www. colgate.com. And of course, we will be glad to answer any
Colgate-Palmolive	IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Bina and good morning everybody and welcome to our first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Elaine Pace, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time reason not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investor shows consult our most recent annual report on Form 10(K) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website including the information set forth under the caption, risk factors and cautionary statements on forward-looking statements. We'll discuss our results and outlook excluding the one time charge of $271 million related to the transition to hyper inflationary accounting in Venezuela as of the 1, January, 2010.We will also discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release. And is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. And we
Colgate-Palmolive	IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Bina and good morning everybody and welcome to our first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Elaine Pace, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time reason not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investor shows consult our most recent annual report on Form 10(K) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website including the information set forth under the caption, risk factors and cautionary statements on forward-looking statements. We'll discuss our results and outlook excluding the one time charge of $271 million related to the transition to hyper inflationary accounting in Venezuela as of the 1, January, 2010.We will also discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release. And is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. And we
Colgate-Palmolive	remarks, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, David, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to our second quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, Steve Patrick CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions risk factors and cautionary statement on forward-looking statements. And we'll discuss our results and outlook excluding the one-time charge of $271 million related to the transition to hyper inflationary accounting in Venezuela as of January 1, 2010. We'll also discuss organic sales growth excluding foreign exchange, acquisition and divestitures. A full reconciliation with the
Colgate-Palmolive	recorded and is being a live -- simulcast live at www.colgate.com.&nbsp;Just a reminder, there may be a slight delay before the question-and-answer session begins due to the live simulcast.At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of -- Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson.Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, SVP - IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE COMPANY: Thank you, Katy. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth-quarter and full-year 2010 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, Vice Chairman; Dennis Hickey, CFO; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on Forward-looking Statements.We will discuss our results and
Colgate-Palmolive	Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our fourth-quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on forward-looking statements. This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP.We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign-exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, operating profit, net income, and earnings per share, excluding the impact of certain items described in the press release. And the full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is
Colgate-Palmolive	Relations, Ms. Bina Thompson. Please go ahead.BINA THOMPSON, SVP - IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE CO: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to our first quarter 2013 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO, Dennis Hickey, CFO, Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller, and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So, for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on the forward-looking statements.This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions, and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, operating profit, net income, and earning per share excluding the impact of certain items
Colgate-Palmolive	ahead.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, Duane. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our second quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results for the second quarter and the first half this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first six months of 2007. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results, excluding the restructuring charges and other items in the second quarter 2007, are included in the press release and the company's financial statements, and are posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about these expectations will also exclude restructuring charges, but during the Q&A we will answer any questions including or excluding these items, as you wish.We are very pleased with our second quarter results. Sales, operating profits, advertising spends, net incomes, and EPS were all at record levels. As Ian said in the press release, every region contributed to our solid performance. The strong momentum we have seen in the fast growing areas of the world, Latin America
Colgate-Palmolive	the Q&A we will answer any questions including or excluding these items, as you wish.&nbsp;We are very pleased with our second quarter results. Sales, operating profits, advertising spends, net incomes, and EPS were all at record levels. As Ian said in the press release, every region contributed to our solid performance. The strong momentum we have seen in the fast growing areas of the world, Latin America and greater Asia/Africa, continues, and we see no signs of a significant slow down in either one. Even in markets where the economic conditions are difficult, such as North America and western Europe, our categories are still growing, and in addition we are growing market share. Worldwide, our market shares are up in toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar soap, shower gels, and dishwashing liquids.As you know, the challenge for all consumer goods companies this year is the relentless and unprecedented rise in raw and packaging material costs. We have, as have our competitors, been taking price increases to offset those cost increases. In this quarter, worldwide, our pricing was up 4.5%, the highest in well over a decade. It is therefore encouraging that we continue to deliver solid volume growth within our ongoing targeted
Colgate-Palmolive	conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Phillips, Treasurer. We'll discuss our results and expectations excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first nine months of 2007. And in addition, we will also discuss organic sales growth, which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. A full reconciliation of these measures with their corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and the Company's financial statements, and is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. So we'll be glad to answer any questions you may have, including or excluding these items, as you wish. We're very pleased to report a solid quarter, especially given the current uncertain external environment. Market shares are healthy around the world, business continues to be robust in the high growth markets such as Latin America and Asia, which has helped to offset some of the slower-growing economies in Western Europe and North America. Organic sales were strong across most divisions, up 9.5% worldwide.This is the best organic quarterly sales growth in over 10 years. As
Colgate-Palmolive	Please go ahead, Ma'am.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thank you, good morning. Welcome to our second quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Steve Patrick, CFO; Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller; and Ed Filusch, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements and thee statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences investors should consult our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website including the information set forth under the captions, risk factors, and cautionary statement on forward-looking statements. We will discuss organic sales growth which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions, and divestitures. And we will also discuss our results and expectations excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program which was completed last year. A full reconciliation of these measures with their corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and the Company's financial statement and is posted on the investor relations page
Colgate-Palmolive	the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time reason and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements.For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our annual report on Form 10K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and available on our website including the information set forth under the captions risk factors and cautionary statements on forward-looking statements. And during the call, we will discuss organic sales growth, which is sales excluding the impact of foreign exchange, acquisition and divestitures; and we will also discuss our results and expectations excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, which was completed last year, and impacts only prior periods.A full reconciliation of these measures with their corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and the Company's financial statement and is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. And we'll be glad to answer any questions that you may have including or excluding these items as you wish.We are delighted that our strong momentum has continued through the third quarter. As in the second quarter, our simple financial strategy is
Colgate-Palmolive	and good morning everybody, and welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman President and CEO, Dennis Hickey, CFO, Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller, and Elaine Paik, Treasurer. This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and the statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance.Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions &quot;Risk Factors&quot; and &quot;Cautionary Statement On Forward-Looking Statements&quot;.We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit margin, operating profit, net income, and earnings per share, excluding the impact of the 1-time items described in the press release.A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release, and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at. www.colgate.com.Now, as Ian said in this morning's press release, we are indeed
Colgate-Palmolive	of the one-time item described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release and is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.colgate.com.We are very pleased with our fourth-quarter results given the turbulent year just finished. The good momentum in our organic sales throughout the year is encouraging as we enter 2012. The challenge, as you know, has been to balance volume and price and we have met that challenge. Our market shares are strong and growing and you will hear more detail by division in a moment.On a year-to-date basis, our worldwide market shares are up in toothpaste, mouthwash, manual toothbrushes, bar soap, body wash, shampoo, household cleaners, and fabric conditioners. In addition we are pleased that our gross margin improved sequentially from the third quarter supported by not only positive pricing but another year of outstanding funding the growth results.We told you throughout the year of our renewed efforts to reduce our costs and that focus continues and is succeeding. This is particularly important in a world of volatile raw material costs. And importantly we increased our advertising in the quarter absolutely and as a
Colgate-Palmolive	Bina Thompson. Please go ahead, ma'am.BINA THOMPSON, SVP, IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE CO: Thanks, Brian. Let me add my welcome to our third quarter earnings release conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President, and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements and these statements are made on the basis and views of assumptions as of this time and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. For information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statements on forward-looking statements.This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, operating profit, net income and earnings per share excluding the impact of the one-time items described in the press release. A full
Colgate-Palmolive	Please go ahead.&nbsp;BINA THOMPSON, VP IR, COLGATE-PALMOLIVE: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller, and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results of the fourth quarter this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, and the fourth quarter 2006 gain on the sale of the company's household bleach business in Canada. The reported GAAP results with reconciliations to the results excluding the restructuring charges and the prior-year gain on the sale of the Canadian bleach business are included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and are posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.Colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude restructuring charges and during the Q&A, we will answer any questions including or excluding these items as you may wish.We are very pleased with our earnings results, which yet again demonstrate the effectiveness of our global strategy with which you are all familiar. Getting closer to the customer, consumer, and [concession], being effective and efficient in everything we do, leading with innovation, and developing our leadership team
Colgate-Palmolive	about expectations will also exclude restructuring charges and during the Q&A, we will answer any questions including or excluding these items as you may wish.We are very pleased with our earnings results, which yet again demonstrate the effectiveness of our global strategy with which you are all familiar. Getting closer to the customer, consumer, and [concession], being effective and efficient in everything we do, leading with innovation, and developing our leadership team around the world. We yet again achieved our goals of strong volume growth, solid gross margin improvement and meaningful increases in advertising while still delivering double digit earnings growth. As you read in the press release, worldwide sales and unit volume growth for the quarter were excellent, and encouragingly, the sales pace this year has started off well. Of particular note is our 90 basis point increase in gross margins, well within our targeted increase of 75 to 125 basis points and in the face of a very challenging commodity cost environment. Our ongoing funding the growth program continues to deliver substantial savings, and that has been supplemented with savings from our reception program as well as improved pricing.Colgate business planning, now implemented in subsidiaries which represent over
Colgate-Palmolive	or excluding these items, as you wish.&nbsp;We were very pleased with our first quarter results particularly given some of the external pressures that both we and our competition have been facing, the slowdown in the U.S. economy and worldwide increases in raw material and commodity costs. We continue to see that our global strategies, with which you are all familiar, are working. Getting closer to the consumer, our customer, and the profession, efficiency in everything we do, innovation everywhere and a focus on developing the leaders of today and more importantly tomorrow. We are delighted that a very strong top line has allowed us to continue to increase advertising by a meaningful amount, while at the same time delivering earnings per share ahead of our and your expectations. Advertising was up both absolutely and as a percent of sales. And that, along with our strong new product program, that has resulted in increased market shares in many categories around the world. As you would expect, the competition of our top line is consistent with our strategy of focus prioritization on high margin categories. Oral care, personal care and pet nutrition volumes grew nicely, while our home care volume remained relatively
Colgate-Palmolive	conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, President and CEO, Steve Patrick, CFO, Dennis Hickey, Corporate Controller and Ed Filusch, Treasurer. We will discuss the results for the first quarter this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program and certain other items in the first quarter for 2007. The reported GAAP results with reconciliation to the results excluding the restructuring charges and other items in the first quarter of 2007 are included in the press release and the Company's financial statements and are posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude restructuring charges. But during the Q&A, we will answer any questions including or excluding these items, as you wish.We were very pleased with our first quarter results particularly given some of the external pressures that both we and our competition have been facing, the slowdown in the U.S. economy and worldwide increases in raw material and commodity costs. We continue to see that our global strategies, with which you are all familiar, are working. Getting closer to the consumer, our customer, and the profession, efficiency in everything we do, innovation everywhere and a focus on developing
Colgate-Palmolive	conference call. With me this morning are Ian Cook, Chairman, President and CEO; Dennis Hickey, CFO; Victoria Dolan, Corporate Controller; and Elaine Paik, Treasurer.This conference call will include forward-looking statements, and these statements are made on the basis of our views and assumptions as of this time, and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially from these statements. So, for information about certain factors that could cause such differences, investors should consult our most recent annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available on our website, including the information set forth under the captions Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements.This conference call will also include a discussion of non-GAAP financial measures, which differ from our results prepared in accordance with GAAP. We will discuss organic sales growth, excluding foreign exchange, acquisitions, and divestitures. We will also discuss gross profit, gross profit margin, SG&A, operating profit, effective tax rate, net income, and earnings per share, excluding the impact of certain items described in the press release. A full reconciliation with the corresponding GAAP measures is included in the press release, and is posted in the For Investors
Colgate-Palmolive	in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The reported GAAP results with reconciliations to the results excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the investor relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude comparable charges. And during the Q&A, we will answer any questions, including or excluding these items, as you may wish.Well, we're certainly delighted with our above expectation fouth quarter results. Great finish to a strong year. And as we cover the numbers in considerable detail in the press release, I won't spend much time on the overall corporate results, particularly as we have an ever increasing number of participants who want to have the opportunity to ask a question. So I simply say that we're pleased that our P&L and balance sheet are strong, and that the restructuring and business building program are proceeding as planned or better than planned. Our ability to generate savings from all areas of the business, facilitated by our ongoing funding the growth programs, the restructuring and now more recently, our global implementation of Colgate Business Planning is allowing us to continue to appropriately build our business with increased advertising,
Colgate-Palmolive	loss carry-forward valuation allowance in Brazil following the successful development in the quarter of the previously disclosed legal and tax contingencies the country. These items were included in the reported numbers contained in this morning's press release and accompanying financial statements. The report GAAP results with reconciliations to the results excluding these items are included in the press release and posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude these and comparable items. And during the Q&A, we will answer any questions, including or excluding these items as you may wish.Naturally we're very pleased with how we started out the year. As outlined in detail in this morning's press release, our sales growth was very strong and very broad generated primarily by excellent unit volumes. A healthy gross margin increase gave us the funds to increase advertising in every operating division absolutely and as a percent of sales while still delivering strong double-digit operating profit growth in every division as well.So let's turn to the divisions. North America. We're delighted with the strong volume growth in North America, up 8.5%, excluding divestments and this on top of the 6.5% growth in a
Colgate-Palmolive	you may wish.&nbsp;We're certainly pleased with our results for the second quarter. It is clear that our global strategy of winning on the ground is being successfully implemented. Our restructuring and business building program is on track. The savings generated from that program combined with our ongoing Funding the Growth Program are allowing us to support our business with meaningful advertising increases in every region of the world. In addition, we are beginning to see the benefits from our global implementation of Colgate Business Planning in the form of both volume and margin. As a result, in the quarter excellent momentum continued across all our businesses and throughout the P&L. Sales and volume were strong, our 100 basis point gross margin improvement funded a significant increase in advertising, and our earnings increased double-digit.Looking at the balance sheet as well as the income statement, most financial ratios are moving in the right direction. Working capital declined, cash generation was excellent, and our return on capital increased nicely. Our focus on the core categories of oral care and personal care is achieving strong volume growth of over 12% and 8% respectively, ahead of our overall target of 5% to 8%.So let's turn
Colgate-Palmolive	discuss the results for the third quarter this morning, excluding charges relating to the 2004 restructuring program, $36.3 million after-tax, and a $10 million noncash after-tax pension charge under SFAS 88. As a result of lump sum payments of normal retirement benefits associated with the nonqualified retirement plan in the U.S. The reported GAAP results and reconciliations to the results excluding the restructuring and pension charges are included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and are posted on the Investor Relations page of our Web site at www.colgate.com. Comments about expectations will also exclude restructuring charges, and during the Q&A, we will answer any questions including or excluding these items as you may wish.We're very pleased with the momentum of our first half is continued into the second half. Our restructuring and business building programs are on track. Volume and sales growth have continued to be strong across our divisions. Our ongoing funding the growth program as well has contributed to a good gross profit increase along with a decreased in our fixed expenses. And this has allowed us to continue to support our business with a double digit advertising increased in every region while growing the bottom
ConocoPhillips	our prepared remarks, we will make forward looking statements. Actual results may be materially different from the statements we make today. And a list of items that could cause these potential changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC.So with that said, I'd like to introduce the President and CEO of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, PRESIDENT & CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Clayton, thank you, and I welcome everyone calling in and participating in our first-quarter conference call.I'm on page 3 of the slides. And as you look on page 3, as you can see, we're off to a good start, 2004, with net income of $1.6 billion; cash flow of $2.1 billion; and debt reduction of $700 million. With respect to the upstream, we ran quite well, producing at the same level as last quarter in spite of the effect of some asset sales during the first quarter.In terms of the downstream, the refining business performed very well, running at 95 percent of capacity, and we benefited from strong crack spreads worldwide.During the first quarter of the year, about $120 billion of synergies were captured, and this is in addition and over that which we captured or accomplished
ConocoPhillips	me today are Jim Mulva, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Carrig, our President and Chief Operating Officer; as well as Sig Cornelius, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Jim will be taking you through our presentation today that's been prepared and intended to help you with your understanding of our financial and operating performance in the fourth quarter of '08. This presentation along with other information regarding the fourth-quarter performance can be found on our website, ConocoPhillips.com.Now if you'll turn to page two, you will find our Safe Harbor statement, which simply says that forward-looking statements made in our presentation today and in the conference call today represent our management's current expectations. Actual results could materially differ from those expectations and you can find in our SEC filings the information on items that could cause material differences.Now this presentation today also contains non-GAAP financial measures which are reconciled to the most comparable general accepted accounting principles measure either in the appendix of this presentation or in the investor relations section of our website.So I will now turn this call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Okay, Gary, thank you, and I appreciate
ConocoPhillips	give us a call anytime you need to get answers to your questions.Today we'll be discussing our first-quarter results for 2009 and joining me is John Carrig, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Sig Cornelius, our Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. This presentation, along with other information regarding the quarter performance, is on our website. You can find it at ConocoPhillips.com.On page 2 you'll find our Safe Harbor statement, it's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements in our presentation and the conference call and actual results may differ materially. Our SEC filings contain information on the items that could cause material differences.In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures which are reconciled to their most comparable GAAP measure either in the appendix to this presentation or in the Investor Relations section of our website. I'd like to turn the call over now to John Carrig.JOHN CARRIG, PRESIDENT, COO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Clayton, and thanks to all of the investors and analysts for joining us on the call today; we're pleased to share our first-quarter results with you. Now let's start on page 3, the first-quarter overview.This slide shows a snapshot of our results for the quarter
ConocoPhillips	Production. It's a very busy day for earnings activity. I know all of you are pressed for time, so we're going to jump right into the material today. Really quickly before we get started, if you would please, turn to page 2, you'll see our Safe Harbor statement. That of course describes the risks and uncertainties in our future performance. Those are all described in our periodic filings with the SEC. I'm going to turn the call over to Ryan now.RYAN LANCE, CEO & CHAIRMAN, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Ellen, and good afternoon everybody, and thank you for joining us today. Well, it's been just over a year since we launched the independent ConocoPhillips as a new class of investment. We've laid out a plan that would deliver growth in volumes and margins with a compelling yield. I think as you'll hear and see today, the key pieces of our strategy are falling into place. For the second quarter in a row, organic volumes, net of dispositions, and planned downtime are growing. Margins are improving. We're maintaining our commitment to a compelling dividend, reflecting our confidence in our plans, and our financial position remains strong. So the theme of today's call
ConocoPhillips	changes to occur in our filings with the SEC.&nbsp;At this time, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS COMPANY: Gary, thank you and good morning. I appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call and taking an interest in our company.I am going to start on slide number three, titled &quot;Highlights.&quot; You can see from the highlights the Company had another strong quarter. It generated 3.8 billion in income from continuing operations. This is about 100 million higher than our net income, because of a small loss in discontinued operations and an accounting change which we will discuss a little bit later in the presentation. Our cash flow from operations was $4.7 million, so with these strong results, we're able to fund the capital program and continue to strengthen our balance sheet and our financial flexibility.During the quarter, we reduced our debt by $1 billion to $12.5 billion. As a result, our debt ratio went down 2% from 21% to 19%. For the whole year of 2005, our debt reduction was about $2.5 billion.Also during the quarter, we bought back $759 million worth of
ConocoPhillips	of the time will be available for your questions. On Page 2, you can read the Safe Harbor statement, which says among other things that our presentation today along with our responses to your questions will include forward-looking statements regarding our current expectations. Actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. You can find a list of those items that could cause material differences between our current expectations and actual results in our filings with the SEC. Now I would like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you and I also appreciate all those that are joining us today for our first-quarter earnings conference call. I appreciate your interest in our Company, and so I am going to start my comments on slide or Page 3. As you can see during the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Burlington Resources, and we're pleased with the progress we are making towards integrating the combined companies. This transaction establishes our Company as a leading natural gas producer in North America for high-quality, long-lived gas reserves. We, also in the first quarter, completed the acquisition
ConocoPhillips	along with responses to your questions, will include forward-looking statements about our current expectations. Our actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. You can find a list of the items that may cause material differences between our current expectations and what actual results will be -- can be found on our filings with the SEC. So now I'll turn the call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you and I appreciate all those who have called in for our second-quarter earnings conference call. I appreciate your interest in our company. And I'm going to start with my comments on page number 3. And looking at page 3 or slide 3 you can see we generated $5.2 billion in net income, $4.8 billion in cash flow from operations. We continue to fund our capital program and other investments in the second quarter and through the first half of the year. So far this year we've effectively reinvested 97 percent of our income back into our businesses. In addition, we were able to reduce our debt level to $29.5 billion from $32.2 billion as we started the second quarter, so our debt-to-cap ratio has gone
ConocoPhillips	actual results may differ materially from our current expectations. You can find a list of the items that could cause material differences in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Okay, Gary. Thank you and appreciate all those who are joining us on this conference call. I am going to start my comments on slide or page number 3 which is the highlights of our third quarter. You can see for the third quarter, we generated $3.9 billion in net income, $6.2 billion in cash flow from operations. Our net income for the quarter was reduced by $622 million, and that is about $0.37 a share, certain previously disclosed items. I will talk more about this later. Items mainly due to recent tax legislation changes that impacted our upstream part of the business and impairment of assets held for sale on our downstream. As I said, I will go through all this in more detail in later slides.During the quarter we reduced our debt to cap ratio 2 percent, so we are at 25 percent. We brought our debt down by
ConocoPhillips	this quarter's results and can be found on our Web site, Conoco-Phillips.com.Looking at Page 2, you can see and read our Safe Harbor statement. It says, among other things, that, in response to your questions and in our prepared remarks, we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those we expect today. A list of the items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC.With that said, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCO-PHILLIPS: Clayton, thank you very much for the introduction. I appreciate very much all of those who are participating in our conference call this morning and your interest in Conoco-Phillips.I'm going to start my comments on Page 3.The Company had a strong quarter. What I want to do is, on this first slide, give you some of the overview highlights of what took place in the first quarter. You can see we generated $3.1 billion in net income, 2.8 million of cash flow from our operations. This allowed us to continue to improve our financial strength, flexibility. Our debt levels mainly came in at
ConocoPhillips	call. I'm joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, and this morning we'll be discussing third-quarter results and also provide an update on the status of our strategic initiatives.A summary of our key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. And as in the past, you'll find our presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website.Before we get started I'd like you to look at the Safe Harbor statement on slide 2; it's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and Q&A. Actual results may differ materially from what's presented today and factors that could cause actual results to differ are included in our filings with the SEC.Moving to slide 3, a summary of our key third-quarter results and highlights. You can see that earnings for the third quarter adjusted for special items were $2.2 billion, or $1.50 per share, up 56% from this quarter a year ago. Cash from operations was $4.3 billion. Cash returns on capital employed was 20%. Upstream production, excluding LUKOIL, was 1.72 million BOE per day.Our refineries ran at relatively high capacity utilization. R&M's
ConocoPhillips	in response to questions and in our prepared remarks we will make forward-looking statements. Actual results may materially be different from those we expect today. And a list of items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC. With that said, I'd like to turn the call over to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Clayton, thank you, and good morning and welcome all those participating in the Company's third quarter conference call. I am going to move right to the third slide of our presentation and looking at the third slide titled &quot;Highlights&quot;, overall we had a good third quarter, especially when you consider the amount of planned downtime and higher exploration costs that we had at E&P. Also, we had scheduled an accelerated turnaround's contingency and impairment charges in refining and marking, and then we also had one-time retirement charges in the corporate side of the Company. Our diluted income continuing operation per share was $2.87 cents a share, and that's up over 50% when you compare that with the third quarter a year ago and it's about flat with what
ConocoPhillips	those we expect today. A list of items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC. So, that said, I would like to turn it over to the Chairman and CEO of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Clayton, thank you. I also want to welcome all those who are participating in our fourth-quarter conference call and taking the interest in our Company. What I'd like to do is go immediately to page 3 of the slides that have been already sent out. My comments relating to page 3 I will go through at this point in time.We had a strong quarter in the fourth quarter. We generated about 2.4 billion in net income, and 3.2 billion in cash flow from operations. This allowed us to fund our growth programs, strengthen our balance sheet, and increase our financial flexibility.For the last 3 months of '04 E&P produced 1.6 million BOE; that's up from 1.48 million BOE in the third quarter. This was done in spite of the higher royalty rates that we recognized coming out of Venezuela; and our performance allowed us to deliver on our '04 production target of
ConocoPhillips	read our Safe Harbor statement. It says, among other things, that in response to your questions and in our prepared remarks, we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those we expect today. And a list of the items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC.With that said, I would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Clayton, thank you. And I would like to welcome all those who are participating in this conference call regarding our first-quarter earnings. I am going to start my comments on page three or slide three, titled 'Highlights.'The Company had a good quarter. We generated 2.9 billion in net income, and 4.1 billion in cash. This allowed us to improve our financial strength, balance sheet, reducing our debt level from 15 billion to 14 billion, and our debt to capitalization from 26% to 23%.During the first quarter of '05, our Exploration and Production produced 1.6 million barrels of oil equivalent a day, which is essentially the same level as the last quarter of 2004. These numbers exclude the impact of production from
ConocoPhillips	Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for your interest in ConocoPhillips. We're here to talk about our first-quarter 2011 results. I am joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.This morning, we will provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the first quarter, as well as our outlook for 2011. As in the past, you can find our presentation materials on the Investor Relations section of ConocoPhillips' website.Before we get started, I would like you to take a look at the safe harbor statement we've got on slide 2. And it's just a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what is presented today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included in our filings with the SEC.Now I will turn the call over to Jeff to take you through our prepared remarks and presentation.JEFF SHEETS, SVP OF FINANCE AND CFO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Clayton, and good morning to those on the call and those listening in on the Web.I'll start with slide 2, which highlights some of our first-quarter results. During the first
ConocoPhillips	summary of our key financial and operating results for the second quarter as well as an outlook for the remainder of 2011. We will also provide you with a brief update on the repositioning of ConocoPhillips as two separate leading energy companies as we announced two weeks ago.You can find our presentation material in the Investor Relations section of the ConocoPhillips website.Before we get started I would like to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement that we have shown on the next slide. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question and answer session.Actual results may differ materially from what we present today, and factors that could cause actual results to differ are included in this slide, as well as in our filings with the SEC.So with that, I will turn the call over to Jeff Sheets, who will take you through our prepared remarks and presentation.JEFF SHEETS, SVP FINANCE, CFO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Clayton. I will start on slide two, which highlights some of our second-quarter results. During the second quarter we had adjusted earnings of $3.4 billion. That is $2.41 a share. That compares to adjusted earnings
ConocoPhillips	2012. I am joined by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As in the past, you can find our presentation material on the Investor Relations section of the ConocoPhillips website. And in addition, you can also find some presentation material that we have recently put out on each of the standalone companies -- ConocoPhillips and Phillips 66.Please read the Safe Harbor statement on the bottom of this slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we expect today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our filings with the SEC. So, that said, I will turn the call over to Jeff to take you through our first-quarter results.JEFF SHEETS, SVP & CFO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Clayton. I will start with some highlights for the first quarter. During the quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $2.6 billion -- that is $2.02 a share. This is flat with the prior quarter and up from $1.82 per share in the first quarter of 2011. If you look back on the first quarter of 2011,
ConocoPhillips	two gentlemen, let them make a few administrative comments.First of all, you'll notice we have provided a lot of new information with today's disclosure; and, of course, that is to help you understand the business better. We've provided segment data on each of our regions in addition to some data on our corporate segment. And I just want to let people know Vladimir and I will be available after the call to help you sort through those details as needed. In addition I want to remind you that our presentation materials for the call today can be found on our website, and a transcript of this call will be posted again to our website, hopefully by no later than tomorrow morning.And then finally, if you advance to slide 2, you'll note our cautionary statement. We will make some forward-looking statements during today's webcast and actual results could differ materially from the expectations we share today. The factors that could cause these results to differ are listed in this cautionary statement as well as in our periodic filings with the SEC.And now, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ryan Lance.RYAN LANCE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Ellen,
ConocoPhillips	Statement. It says, among other things, that in response to your questions and in our prepared remarks we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those we expect today. A list of items that could cause these changes to occur can be found in our filings with the SEC.With that said, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO of ConocoPhillips, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you. And I also want to thank everyone for joining us today on our third-quarter earnings conference call. We always appreciate your interest in our company. And I'm going to start my comments on slide number, Page 3.As you can see from the highlights, the company had another strong quarter. We generated $3.8 billion net income, $6.1 billion cash flow from operating activities. And with the strong results, we were able to fund our capital program, improve our financial strength and flexibility. We reduced our debt level by $516 million to $13.5 billion. Therefore, our debt-to-capital ratio went down 1 percent, from 22 percent to 21 percent.During the third quarter, our U.S. Gulf Coast operations were significantly impacted by the Hurricanes Katrina,
ConocoPhillips	and Chief Executive Officer, and John Carrig, Executive Vice President of Finance and our CFO, are here with me today. Jim is going to be taking you through a presentation that we believe will help you understand more fully the financial and operating performance of the Company during the first quarter of this year. The presentation, as always, you can find on our website, www.ConocoPhillips.com. If you please turn to page 2, our normal cautionary statement, basically says that during the presentation this morning and in answering your questions, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations and those expectations could be materially different than actual results. You can find the items or the issues that might cause those differences in our SEC filings. So I'll now turn the call over to Jim Mulva.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Jim Mulva, ConocoPhillips - Chairman, CEO [3]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Okay, Gary, thank you and I appreciate all of those who are participating in our conference call. My comments are going to start on slide number 3. In the first quarter net income was $4.1 billion. We generated $6.6 billion of cash from operations; debt-to-equity ratio was 19%. During the quarter, as we outlined
ConocoPhillips	ConocoPhillips' second-quarter conference call. Joining me this morning is our Senior Vice President of Finance and CFO, Sig Cornelius. Earlier this morning, we issued our earnings press release, an updated supplemental information package and posted the slides we will be using on this teleconference. You can find this information on our Website. You may have noticed that we made some changes from what we've shared over the past several years regarding the content of our earnings release and the conference call slides. These changes were made with the intent to be more consistent with our SEC filings without reducing the information you've received in the past. The most significant change is the use of year-over-year rather than sequential variations as the basis for discussing our most recent quarterly results. Before we get started, I need to direct you to our Safe Harbor statement on page 2. This is our standard reminder that we are going to use forward-looking statements that may be made during our presentation in response to questions you may have and our actual results may be materially different than the answers we provide today. The sources of those material differences can be found in our filings with
ConocoPhillips	this morning's call with Sig covering our third-quarter results and sharing progress toward meeting our 2009 objectives. And following Sig's remarks, Jim Mulva will provide his thoughts and perspectives regarding our plans to enhance returns and strengthen our financial position through asset sales and modifications to our 2010 capital budget. After Jim's comments, we will open the phone lines to take your questions. But before I turn the call over to Sig, I need to direct your attention to the Safe Harbor statement we provided on page two. This is a reminder that we will make forward-looking statements as part of our presentation and the Q&A session, and actual results may be materially different. The sources of these differences may be found in our filings with the SEC. And now I would like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Sig Cornelius.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Sig Cornelius, ConocoPhillips - Senior VP, Finance & CFO [3]-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Thanks, Clayton. I will start my comments on slide three. At our analyst meeting last March, we discussed some of the significant challenges that were facing our company and the industry. I'm pleased to say that, as we have progressed through the year, we have
ConocoPhillips	presentation material.Before we get started, I would like to refer you to our Safe Harbor statement, which is on page two, which is a reminder that I will be making forward-looking statements as part of the presentation and the Q&A and that actual results may be materially different.So I'm going to move to slide three, which provides a summary of our fourth-quarter results and business highlights. Adjusted earnings for the quarter were $1.7 billion, or $1.16 per share, generating cash from operations of $5.1 billion. We ended the quarter with debt of $28.7 billion, resulting in debt-to-cap ratio of 31%, down 2% versus last quarter.Total production, including our 20% share of LUKOIL, was 2.26 million BOE per day in the fourth quarter. It was a challenging period for R&M, with an overall loss in net income, driven by depressed refining margins, which were particularly low in the US. Global refining utilization was only 76%, reflecting economic run cuts made in this difficult environment, as well as increased turnaround activity.On the cost side, we achieved a normalized full-year reduction of 12%, or around $1.7 billion pretax for the year. This compares to our original target of $1.4 billion. And I will
ConocoPhillips	and CEO, and this morning we will be discussing the Company's first-quarter results and status on the strategic initiatives we shared at our March 24 analyst day.A summary of key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. As in the past you can find the presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website. In addition to the presentation material, we plan to use our website to provide information that was part of our quarterly interim update prior to discontinuing its issuance earlier this year.Please refer to our Safe Harbor statement in the appendix of this presentation on slide 17. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and Q&A. Our actual results may differ materially from what we present.Also in the appendix are non-GAAP reconciliations footnoted throughout the presentation for your reference.Moving to slide two, summary of our results and highlights for the quarter. You will see adjusted earnings for the first quarter were $2.2 billion or $1.47 a share which excludes the charges of $110 million for ending our participation in the Yanbu and Shah projects. Cash from operations
ConocoPhillips	and CEO, and this morning we will be discussing the Company's first-quarter results and status on the strategic initiatives we shared at our March 24 analyst day.A summary of key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. As in the past you can find the presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website. In addition to the presentation material, we plan to use our website to provide information that was part of our quarterly interim update prior to discontinuing its issuance earlier this year.Please refer to our Safe Harbor statement in the appendix of this presentation on slide 17. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and Q&A. Our actual results may differ materially from what we present.Also in the appendix are non-GAAP reconciliations footnoted throughout the presentation for your reference.Moving to slide two, summary of our results and highlights for the quarter. You will see adjusted earnings for the first quarter were $2.2 billion or $1.47 a share which excludes the charges of $110 million for ending our participation in the Yanbu and Shah projects. Cash from operations
ConocoPhillips	and CEO, and this morning we will be discussing the Company's first-quarter results and status on the strategic initiatives we shared at our March 24 analyst day.A summary of key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. As in the past you can find the presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website. In addition to the presentation material, we plan to use our website to provide information that was part of our quarterly interim update prior to discontinuing its issuance earlier this year.Please refer to our Safe Harbor statement in the appendix of this presentation on slide 17. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and Q&A. Our actual results may differ materially from what we present.Also in the appendix are non-GAAP reconciliations footnoted throughout the presentation for your reference.Moving to slide two, summary of our results and highlights for the quarter. You will see adjusted earnings for the first quarter were $2.2 billion or $1.47 a share which excludes the charges of $110 million for ending our participation in the Yanbu and Shah projects. Cash from operations
ConocoPhillips	for participating in our second-quarter earnings conference call. Joined today by Jim Mulva, our Chairman and CEO, and this morning we will be discussing the Company's second-quarter results and also provide an update on the status of our returns enhancement plans that we had announced earlier this year.A summary of key financial and operating results for the quarter will be provided, as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2010. As in the past, you will find our presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website.But before we get started, I would like you to refer to our Safe Harbor statement on slide 2 of the presentation. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the Q&A, and actual results may differ materially from what is presented today. Factors that could cause these actual results to differ are included in our filings with the SEC.Let's move to slide 3 which is a summary of our key second-quarter results and highlights. Adjusted earnings for the second quarter were $2.5 billion or $1.67 per share. Cash from operations was $3.5 billion. Capital efficiency increased, as annualized cash returns on capital invested improved
ConocoPhillips	the Company.I am joined today by Jeff Sheets, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. This morning we will provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and the full year 2010 as well as provide some outlook for 2011.As in the past, you can find presentation materials on the IR section of the ConocoPhillips website.Before we get started I would like you to take a look at the Safe Harbor statement on slide two. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and Q&A. Actual results may differ materially from what is presented today and factors that could cause actual results to differ are included in our filings with the SEC.Now I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Sheets to take you through our prepared remarks and presentation.JEFF SHEETS, SVP, FINANCE & CFO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Clayton. I will start on slide three, which is a summary of our fourth-quarter results and highlights.During the fourth quarter our earnings, after adjusting for special items, were $1.9 billion which is $1.32 a share. That is up from $1.20 a share for the fourth quarter a year
ConocoPhillips	and some priorities for 2013. Jeff Sheets, our EVP and CFO, will review the fourth quarter and the full year financial results, including our segment financials, and he'll be followed by Matt Fox, our EVP of Exploration and Production. Matt will review our year-end reserves performance and provide some color on E&P activities for the fourth quarter in each of our segments.Please note that today's presentation materials can be found on our website. A transcript of this call will be also posted later today, we hope, if not by tomorrow. As a final reminder, on Page 2 of our presentation deck, you'll find our Safe Harbor Statement. We will be making some forward-looking statements this morning. Results could differ materially from the expectations we share today, and we've described those uncertainties and risks to our future performance in our Safe Harbor Statement and in our periodic filings with the SEC. With that out of the way, I'll turn the call over to Ryan Lance.RYAN LANCE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you, Ellen. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Let me kickoff the meeting today with a review of our key 2012 highlights and accomplishments. Certainly the strategic
ConocoPhillips	all know and appreciate. With me for today's call are Jeff Sheets our Executive Vice President of Finance and our Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Fox, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production. Before I turn the call over to Jeff let me make just a few administrative points here.As a reminder, in late February we hosted our first ever analyst meeting as an independent Company. And at that meeting we presented a lot of detail about our future plans and our milestones. We had a great response to the event, which we appreciate. And today you'll hear that our performance and our plans are tracking the expectations we laid out there overall. The material for that meeting, including a transcript of that call is still available from our website and that's also where you'll find the materials for today's presentation.One other quick administrative matter, except as noted, today's comments as we go through the presentation will address the Company's performance on a continuing operations basis. And that is net of the results for the several properties that we've previously reported as discontinued operations. So just listen for that. We know the models have a mix of conventions and
ConocoPhillips	Operating Officer; and Sig Cornelius, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.The slide presentation that Jim Mulva will take you through today is intended to help you with your understanding of our financial and operating performance in the third quarter. And you can find this presentation on our website, ConocoPhillips.com.If you will turn to page two with me now, find our typical cautionary statement. That cautionary statement basically says that we will be making forward-looking statements in our presentation today along with responses to your questions and those forward-looking statements include our current view of expectations. Actual results can differ materially from what those expectations are and you can find those items that might cause expectations to be different than actual results in our SEC filings.I will now turn the call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Okay, Gary. Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our conference call. I am going now right to page three of our presentation, and as we normally do, we will go through the slides. You can see in the third quarter our income was $5.2 billion, which is $3.39 a share. We generated $7.5 billion of cash
ConocoPhillips	CFO. This morning, we'll provide a summary of our key financial and operating results for the third quarter, as well as our outlook for the remainder of 2011. You can find our presentation material in the investor relations section of the ConocoPhillips website.But before we get started, I'd like you to take a look at the Safe Harbor Statement that we have on the next slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during this presentation and during the Q&A. Actual results may differ materially from what's presented today. And factors that could cause those actual results to change are included in this slide as well as in our filings with the SEC. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Sheets to take you through our prepared remarks and presentation.JEFF SHEETS, SVP- FINANCE, CFO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Clayton. I'll start on slide 2, which highlights some of our third-quarter results. During the quarter we had adjusted earnings of $3.5 billion which was $2.52 per share. This compares to adjusted earnings of $1.50 per share in the third quarter of 2010. We generated cash from operations of $4.10 per share during the quarter. Third-quarter production of
ConocoPhillips	quarter, as well as our outlook for 2012. As in the past, you can find our presentation material on the Investor Relations section of ConocoPhillips' website. Please take a look at the Safe Harbor statement that we have on the bottom of this slide. It's a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during the question-and-answer session, and actual results may be materially different from what's presented today. And factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our filings with the SEC.So with that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff Sheets to take you through our fourth quarter results. Jeff?JEFF SHEETS, SVP, FINANCE AND CFO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thanks, Clayton.I'll start with an overview of our fourth quarter which is on slide 2. During the quarter, our earnings, adjusted for special items, were $2.7 billion, or $2.02 a share. That's up from $1.9 billion or $1.32 a share, in the fourth quarter of last year. Our annualized return on capital employed was 13%. We generated cash from operations of $5.8 billion, which is $4.39 per share. In E&P, our production of 1.6 million BOE per day was higher than
ConocoPhillips	our strategic goals and priorities. Jeff Sheets, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will review the third quarter financial results including our segment financials. And we also have Matt Fox on today's call. Matt is our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, and he's going to review the E&P activities in each of our segments.Please note today's presentation materials can be found on our website, and a transcript of this call should be posted by no later than tomorrow morning. And finally, we will be making some forward-looking statements during today's webcast. Our results may differ materially from the expectations we share today, but we've outlined these uncertainties and risks to our future performance in the Safe Harbor Statement shown on page 2 in the slide deck that you should have access to at this time. And also in our periodic filings with the SEC.Now it's my pleasure to turn our call over to Ryan.RYAN LANCE, CEO & CHAIRMAN, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Thank you Ellen, and good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'll begin my comments on slide three and cover some of our key third quarter highlights.This quarter marked an exciting milestone in our first full
ConocoPhillips	including forward-looking statements based on what we expect currently and actual results may differ materially from those expectations. You can find a list of items that might cause material differences in our SEC filings. Now I'll turn this call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Okay, Gary, thank you and I appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call. I am already on page 3, which is fourth-quarter highlights. You can see in the fourth quarter, our net income was $4.4 billion. Our operations in the quarter, we generated $6.9 billion of cash. We reduced our debt-to-cap ratio to 19 percent and we purchased $2.5 billion of our common stock. On our upstream business, we produced 2.26 million BOE a day and that includes an estimated 426,000 BOE per day from our LUKOIL investment segment. On the downstream, we improved our crude processing capacity utilization by 1 percent from the previous quarter to 95 percent.Now I am moving on to page number 4 -- total company net income, where we compare the fourth quarter to the prior quarter. You can see in the fourth quarter net income of $4.4 billion. That is $2.71 per share
ConocoPhillips	statements that are based on our current expectations and those expectations could be materially different than actual results. You can find the items or the issues that might cause those differences in our SEC filings. So I'll now turn the call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Okay, Gary, thank you and I appreciate all of those who are participating in our conference call. My comments are going to start on slide number 3. In the first quarter net income was $4.1 billion. We generated $6.6 billion of cash from operations; debt-to-equity ratio was 19%. During the quarter, as we outlined previously, we purchased $2.5 billion of our stock. So if you go back and look back to the first quarter of '07 we've reduced our average shares outstanding by 5.2%. I have a slide here a little bit later to talk about that.Upstream business we've produced 2.25 million BOE a day, that includes 459,000 BOE a day which is our estimate of production coming from the LUKOIL investment segment. On the downstream our crude processing capacity utilization was 89%, that's down from 95% in the fourth quarter last year. And during the quarter we announced a 15%
ConocoPhillips	a slide presentation that has been prepared to help you understand the financial and operating performance of the Company during the second quarter of this year.This presentation, along with other supplemental information can be found on our website, www.conocophillips.com.If you turn to page 2 now, you'll see our Safe Harbor statement. This statement simply says that there will be forward-looking statements made during our presentation today and the conference call, and these forward-looking statements represent our management's current expectations. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations. If you'll take a look at our SEC filings you will find information on items that could cause these material differences.So at this point, I will turn the call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you, and appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call. I'm going to start off on page 3. You see in the second quarter our income was $5.4 billion. That is $3.50 a share. We generated $5.4 billion in cash from operations. Our debt-to-cap ratio is 19%; it's the same as it was at the end of the first quarter.In our upstream business we produced 2.2 million BOE a day. That includes
ConocoPhillips	these forward-looking statements represent our management's current expectations. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations. If you'll take a look at our SEC filings you will find information on items that could cause these material differences.So at this point, I will turn the call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you, and appreciate all those who are participating in our conference call. I'm going to start off on page 3. You see in the second quarter our income was $5.4 billion. That is $3.50 a share. We generated $5.4 billion in cash from operations. Our debt-to-cap ratio is 19%; it's the same as it was at the end of the first quarter.In our upstream business we produced 2.2 million BOE a day. That includes an estimated 448,000 BOE a day from our LUKOIL Investment segment. On the downstream, crude processing capacity utilization was 93%. That's up from the 89% in the first quarter.As we have told the market, we purchased $2.5 billion of our stock in the second quarter, $2.5 billion of our stock, second quarter, reducing average shares outstanding to 1.555 billion shares. That is 103 million shares lower than the second-quarter 2007 average.The
ConocoPhillips	a moment. But I wanted to make sure that all of you saw the announcement this morning that we completed the sale of our Kashagan business for about $5.4 billion. Just a quick mechanical point, we sent the earnings release and the Kashagan releases separately. That was because we had to queue up the earnings release last night and we weren't entirely certain about that timing of the Kashagan close. So apologies there for a little bit of possible confusion. But this is obviously a huge milestone for the business, and wanted to get the news out to the marketplace this morning.I also wanted to make sure that all of you saw in our release this morning that we expect to announce our 2014 capital and production budget in early December. And that in 2014 we will be hosting our Analyst Meeting on April 10 in New York. Obviously details to follow.If you'll turn to page 2, you'll note our Safe Harbor statement, and that describes the risks and uncertainties in our future performance. These are also described in our periodic filings with the SEC.With those details out of the way, I'm going to turn the call over to Jeff.
ConocoPhillips	you can find a list of the items that could cause these material differences in our filings with the SEC. So now I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you and good morning and appreciate everyone joining us for our fourth-quarter 2006 earnings conference call. We appreciate your interest in our company and so I'm going to start my comments on page number 3. You can see for the fourth quarter of '06 we generated $3.2 billion of net income, $5.6 billion of cash from operations. Two previously disclosed impairments reduced our net income for the quarter by about $285 million and that's about $0.17 per share and I'll talk more about these two items in subsequent slides.During the fourth quarter we were able to reduce our debt to capital ratio to 24%, so down 1% from the third quarter. We reduced our debt level $700 million, so at the end of the year it was at $27.1 billion and we obviously continue to fund our capital and investment program. For the fourth quarter of 2006 we produced 2.49 million BOE a day, now that includes about
ConocoPhillips	forward-looking statements about what our current expectations are and results, actual results may differ materially from what our current expectations are. You can find a list of those items that could cause material differences in our filings with the SEC. With that said, I will turn the call over now to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you, and I welcome all those who are participating in the company's first quarter earnings conference call. I am on page 3, titled &quot;First Quarter Highlights.&quot; The first quarter of 2007 we generated $3.5 billion net income, and you see $6.9 billion of cash flow from our operations. During the quarter we reduced our debt by $3.5 billion down to $23.7 billion, so our debt to capitalization ratio was reduced by 2 percent, now down to 22 percent. That is 2 percent more than in the prior quarter.In the first quarter, we raised our dividend 14 percent and purchased $1 billion of our stock and along with continued funding of our capital program and other investments. We also are quite pleased that we completed the EnCana transaction at the beginning of the quarter, and I will talk more about this in
ConocoPhillips	actual results could differ materially from those expectations. And you can find a list of the items that could cause these material differences in our SEC filings. So with that being said, I'll turn the conference call over to Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN & CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you and I appreciate those who are participating in our conference call today and I'm going to start my comments on the third page. The second quarter of 2007, our net income was $301 million. This includes a $4.5 billion impairment associated with the expropriation of our assets in Venezuela. If you exclude this impairment, then our earnings for the second quarter were about $4.8 billion.Our operations in the quarter generated $4.8 billion of cash. We purchased $1 billion of our stock; we funded our capital program and other investments; increased our cash balances by about $600 million; and reduced debt by $900 million. So our debt to cap ratio of 21 percent at the end of the second quarter is about 1 percent lower at the end of the first quarter.We produced 2.38 million BOE a day in the second quarter and this includes an estimated 473,000 BOE a day from
ConocoPhillips	used based on what our current expectations are. Actual results may differ materially from those expectations. You can find a list of items that could cause material differences in our SEC filings. I will turn the call now over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jim Mulva.JIM MULVA, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, CONOCOPHILLIPS: Gary, thank you, and appreciate all those who are participating in our teleconference. I'm on page 3. In the third quarter of 2007, we had net income of $3.7 billion. From operations during the quarter we generated $6 billion of cash. We purchased $2.5 billion of our stock; we continued to fund the capital program, other investments. Improved our debt ratio to 20 percent, which is 1 percent lower than the previous quarter.During the quarter, we produced 2.19 million BOE a day. That includes our estimate of 432,000 BOE a day from our LUKOIL investment segment. I am going to talk more about this in subsequent slides. Then in the downstream, our refineries ran at 94 percent of crude capacity; that is about 1 percent higher than the second quarter.Now I am moving on to page 4. Our third-quarter net income of $3.7 billion is quite a
Costco Co.	workers' comp reserves. The 48 cents per share reported results were above, of course, the 44 to 46% guidance that I provided you back in December; on our first quarter conference call and 1 cent above the current first call consensus of 47, which, of course, had already been ratcheted up from our December guidance each month as we reported strong comps in December and January. On an apples to apples basis, excluding workers' comp charge last year, we showed a 14% earnings increase. In terms of sales for the quarter, our 12 week comp sales figure showed an increase of 11%, which is the same comp figure for the fiscal year-to-date 24 week period as well. With regard to our four-week February comps, company comps were also 11%, 9% in the U.S. and 21% international.Other topics I will review this morning are recent and upcoming opening plans. We have opened a total of 11 locations since the beginning of the fiscal year on September 1st, nine in the U.S and two in Canada. These 11 are consolidated, of course, into our operating results. In addition we've opened two additional units in Mexico where we do not consolidate, those are
Costco Co.	at total dollars net income increased to $45 million or 29% from 153.8 million last year to 198.7 million this year.&nbsp;These 42 cents a share results were well above the 35-37 cents per share EPS guidance I gave to you on our second quarter conference call back in March and 4 cents above the current first call estimate of 38 cents. Which had alreayd been ratcheted up each month as we reported strong comp sales in February, March and April. This year's fiscal third quarter results did include about 1.5 cents a share of income from real estate gains. Our results were still up over 20% even without these gains.In terms of sales for the quarter, our 12-week comp sales figure showed an increase of 11% which is the same comp figure for the year to date 36-week period. Regarding our comps for the four week reporting month of May, these will be reported next Thursday, June 3. Other topics I'll review with you this morning include our opening plans.And we've opened a total of 13 locations since the beginning of the fiscal year On September 1, last year. 11 new in the U.S., two in Canada. These 13 are
Costco Co.	risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.So to begin with, our 12-week first quarter. For the quarter we came in at a reported $0.60 a share. This compares to our October 8 conference call guidance range of $0.61 to $0.65. First call at the time, as you recall, was at $0.64. Most recently, it has been at $0.61 and then yesterday jumped to $0.62 as a couple of the data points in there had raised their estimates over the last day or two. So essentially coming down, I think, I believe as analyst are responding to the slightly weaker sales trends in October and November as compared to September. Last year's first quarter, of course, we came in at $0.59 a share.As outlined in this morning's release, this year's first quarter results included several items, some healthy and other hurting -- others hurting our results for the quarter. These include very strong gas profits this year in the first quarter. Two charges to our P&L related to what's going on, I view,
Costco Co.	call, let me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, our 12-week second quarter fiscal 2009 operating results for the quarter -- earnings per share came in at $0.55, down 26% from last year's Q2 EPS of $0.74. This compares to current first call consensus of $0.59. Which, needless to say, has come down over the past several weeks from the low to mid-70s to its current level of $0.59 as a result, I believe, mostly related to our February 4 announcement that Q2 earnings would be substantially below where first call was at that time.As outlined in this morning's release, this year's second quarter earnings results were a result of several factors, virtually all of which negatively impacted
Costco Co.	are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined on today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC. To begin with our 12-week third quarter fiscal operating results for the quarter, as you saw this morning, earnings per share came in at $0.48 a share, down 28% from last year's third quarter of $0.67. Current First Call consensus currently stood at $0.53 as we announced earnings this morning.As outlined in this morning's release, this year's third quarter earnings results included impact of several items, nearly all of which negatively impacted our results for the quarter, and these include a pre-tax charge of $34.1 million, mostly noncash, related to litigation settlement covering our membership renewal policy. That's about $0.05 a share. From a couple of emails I got this morning there's a little bit of confusion of where that lands. About
Costco Co.	having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12 week third quarter, for the quarter earnings per share came in at $1.04 per share, up 18% from last years third quarter earnings per share of $0.88. For the third quarter total sales were up 8% and our reported comparable sales figure was up 5%. During the quarter sales were impacted by both gasoline price deflation and by weakening foreign currencies relative to the US dollar year over year such that the 6% US comp sales increase in Q3 excluding gas deflation would have been 7%. Our reported 4% international comp figure, assuming flat year over year FX rates, would have been plus 7% and total Company comps again reported for the quarter at 5%, excluding both gas,
Costco Co.	a couple of unusual items, the aggregate of which added $0.08 to our earnings last year in the second quarter, we came in last year's second quarter at $0.54 per share on a moral normalized basis. In terms of this year's second quarter for the 12 weeks ended February 12, 2006, we reported $0.62 a share, so up 15%, or $0.08 per share over last year's normalized Q2 of $0.54. These results, as you know, were $0.02 a share above that top end of our range of guidance I provided you on our December conference call. And also $0.02 above First Call's consensus of $0.60.In terms of our sales for the quarter, our 12-week comp. sales figures showed an increase of 7%. In terms of the three retail reporting months of December, January, and February, our reported comps were 7%, 9% and of course this morning we're also reporting February same-store sales and for the four weeks of February, comp. sales were 8%. I will speak more to the four-week 8% February comp. figure in a minute.Other topics of interest I will review this morning, our recent openings, we have opened a total of 12 locations since the beginning of
Costco Co.	with, our 12-week third quarter of fiscal 2006 operating results.Briefly we came in at $0.49 a share for the 12 weeks ended May 7, 2006 up 14%, or $0.06 a share over last year's Q3 EPS figure of $0.43. These results were 1% below the top end of the range of EPS guidance I provided you in March, and, of course, First Call throughout the quarter has remained at $0.50, so $0.01 below that figure.As I will discuss with you in a few moments, a pretty good result given weak gasoline profitability and a higher than estimated tax rate. In terms of sales for the quarter our 12-week comp sales figures showed an increase of 7%.In terms of the three retail reporting months most closely aligned with the quarter, February, March and April, our reported comps were 8, 7 and 7%, respectively, which brings me, of course, to the strong four-week May comp sales figures we're reporting this morning of 10%. I will speak more to that figure in a few minutes.Other topics of interest that I will review this morning, our recent openings. We have opened a total of 17 locations since the beginning of the fiscal year last
Costco Co.	not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 17 week fourth quarter of fiscal '06 operating results, for the quarter we came in at a reported $0.75 a share. This compares to our August 30th release revised guidance of $0.68 to $0.71 and current first call of 73. My guess is the first call number of 73 excluded the $0.03 amount related to a tax issue that we have mentioned in that August 30th release.In last year's fourth quarter a reported $0.73 per share figure benefited greatly from a very low reported tax rate of just under 29% for the quarter. As I discussed last year, using a more normalized tax rate, we estimated last year's fourth quarter earnings per share would have been $0.66 a share, and so in our view on a kind of apples-to-apples basis it would be a $0.66 a year comparison to this year's $0.75 number. So essentially, quarter-over-quarter earnings per share increased, we estimated by about 14% on that normalized basis.For the year we came in a reported $2.30 per
Costco Co.	results. For the quarter we came in a reported $0.73 a share, which benefited greatly from a very low reported income tax rate of 28.9% for the quarter. As I will discuss later, using a more normalized tax rate, earnings from the quarter would have been we estimate $0.66. This compares to our April 22nd guidance of $0.63 to $0.66, and for FirstCall of $0.64. By the way, last year's fourth quarter was $0.62 a share.For the fiscal year we came in at a reported $2.18 a share, again, assuming a more normalized income tax rate for the year, which would exclude both an unusual tax benefit we had at year end, a number of benefits, as well as a significant tax benefit reported in the second quarter. It would also exclude a onetime non-cash charge that we booked in the second quarter related to an adjustment to our method of accounting for leases. Taking those out, we estimate that our earnings for fiscal '05 on a normalized basis would have been $2.04. Again this compares to our prior guidance of $2.00 to $2.04 for FirstCall, which I believe virtually all sell-side analysts were assumed numbers on a normalized basis
Costco Co.	EVP, CFO, COSTCO WHOLESALE CORPORATION: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning to everyone. This morning we reported our 16 week fourth quarter and our 52 week fiscal year 2010 operating results, both ended August 29. As well we're reporting our five-week September sales results for the five weeks ended this past Sunday, October 3.As with every conference call, I will start by stating the discussions we're having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and in these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 16 week fourth quarter, for the quarter we reported earnings of $0.97 a share, up 14% from last year's fourth quarter earnings of $0.85. The $0.97 figure for this year's fourth quarter compares to the current First Call estimate of $0.95. Both fourth quarters included certain items that impacted the quarter over quarter comparison.
Costco Co.	statements involve risks and certainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements, and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, our 12-week first quarter operating results, for the quarter our earnings per share came in at $0.71, an 18% increase over last year's first quarter earnings per share of $0.60. Three items I will quickly note here. First, last year in first quarter we enjoyed very strong gasoline profits. As many of you know, when gasoline prices are flat or falling, Costco's gasoline operations can be quite profitable. And when prices are rising, they can be less profitable. This year's first quarter gasoline operations were profitable, but less profitable than a year ago to the tune of a little over $0.03 a share.Second, you'll note that our income tax rate is almost two percentage points lower year-over-year, 36.1% last year in the first quarter, compared with 34.2% tax rate this year. In the first quarter of this year, one of
Costco Co.	showed an increase of 7 percent, 8 percent excluding the impact of EITF 03-10. And in terms of our three retail reporting months of September, October and November, our reported columns were 8 percent in the five-week September month, 8 percent in the four week October month and 5 percent in the four week November month.Other topics of interest I will review with you this morning. Our recent openings -- we have opened a total of 11 locations since the beginning of the fiscal year on August 30. Seven of these are in the U.S., including one relocation and one Costco home, so a net increase of six actually. Two relocations in Canada. One new location in Japan, which is our fifth location in Japan. And also one new location in Mexico. Of course, Mexico we account for on an equity basis, so it is not included in our consolidated numbers. So seven net new consolidated units to date.Four of these openings have occurred in just the past six days, including Arboledas, Mexico; Des Moines, Iowa -- that was last week -- Des Moines, Iowa two days ago on Tuesday, and two in Michigan yesterday in Green Oak Township which
Costco Co.	sales basis, and again excluding these two non-recurring items, earnings were up 22 basis points year-over-year in the second quarter. In terms of sales for the quarter our twelve-week comp sales figure showed an increase of 7 percent, 8 percent excluding impact of EITF, which I am happy to say is now finally anniversaried, and we are back commencing with the third quarter on an apples-to-apples comparisons of sales.In terms of the three retail reporting months of December, January and February, our report comps were 9 percent, 4 percent, and for the four-week month of February which we are also announcing this morning, 7 percent. I will speak more to the four-week 7 percent February comps in a few moments.Other topics of interest I'll now review this morning, are recent openings, we opened a total 13 locations since beginning of FY on August 30, 7 in U.S. including 1 relocation, and 1 Costco home. 3 openings in Canada, including 2 relocations. One new location in each of Japan which is our fifth Japan opening, and one new location in Taiwan, our fourth in that country, as well as one new location in Mexico, which we account for on an equity
Costco Co.	10% and earnings per share were up 7%.In terms of sales for the quarter, our 12-week comp sales figure showed an increase of 7%. As you hopefully know, we have finally anniversaried the impact of EITF 03-10 as of the end of the second quarter and we're now back to apples-to-apples, year-over-year comparisons.In terms of the three retail reporting months most closely aligned with our fiscal third quarter, that would be February, March, and April, our reported comps were 7%, 7%, and 8% for those three months. And as you know, we will report the four weeks of May next Thursday, June 2nd.Other topics of interest in our review this morning, our recent openings. We opened a total of 15 locations since the beginning of the fiscal year, last August 30th, ten in the U.S., including three relocations, and one Costco Home as well. Three openings in Canada, including two relocations. One new location in Japan. which is our fifth in Japan. One new location in Taiwan, that being our fourth in Taiwan. And one new location in Mexico, which we account for on an equity basis.I will also discuss the other things that we typically discuss, ancillary business results,
Costco Co.	are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week third-quarter operating results. For the quarter our reported EPS came in at $0.73 a share, up 7% from last year's reported Q3 EPS of $0.68. As I will discuss in more detail in a moment, both this year's and last year's results and the comparison of these results, each include one item of note which we outlined in the press release.They include the following. First, last year in Q3 our SG&A line was reduced or benefited by a $14 million pretax reversal of part of a charge related to a Canadian tax liability. So a one-time $0.02 per share benefit was included in last year's reported earnings.Second, this year in Q3, as you saw in the release,
Costco Co.	Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, for the quarter our earnings per share came in at $0.88, up a little over 20% from last year's third-quarter earnings per share of $0.73 and $0.01 greater than the First Call consensus of $0.87.As was mentioned in this morning's release, this year's third quarter included a pre-tax LIFO charge of $6.5 million or about $0.01 a share; last year's Q3 had a pre-tax LIFO charge of $49 million pre-tax or about $0.07 a share.A few other items of note when reviewing the year-over-year earnings comparison -- again, our sales results, an 8% overall sales increase and a 5% comp sales increase; the FX impact from earnings of our foreign operations year over year, assuming FX rates have been flat year over year, that was a hit to pre-tax earnings of about $8
Costco Co.	were $0.01 above the top end of the EPS guidance that I had provided you in early October on our fourth quarter year end earnings conference call. And even with this week's First Call estimate of $0.45. As I will review with you later today, this quarter's $0.45 figure was negatively impacted with a charge of approximately $7.6 million pretax or $0.01 a share which, is our estimated retention cost of hurricane Wilma that impacted Florida this past fall. Needless to say that was not included in our assumption, to start with.So excluding Wilma we would have reported $0.46 a share, $0.02 above the top end our estimate and $0.01 above the current $0.45 First Call estimate. In terms of sales for the quarter, our 12 week comp sales figures showed an increase of 9%. And in terms of the three retail reporting months that essentially coincide with those - - with the first quarter, September, October, and November our reported comps were 11%, 10%, and 6% respectively. Of course, the strength in September was particularly strong given the Katrina hurricane and what it did with gas prices both from an inflationary standpoint with gas, as well as I think
Costco Co.	that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC. To begin with, as you know we reported earnings per share at $0.60 same as last year's reported first quarter earnings of $0.60. Last year's first quarter included a few items of note.The first the $28.4 million pre-tax charge SG&A related to the stock market fall last November and a mark-to-market hit if you will to the cash value of life insurance policies covering about 800 Costco management and employees. A second small item $5.8 million pre-tax charge to interest income related to security impairment of our short-term cash investment. Together these two charges total $34.2 million pre-tax or $0.05 per share hit to last year's first quarter earnings. In last year's earnings release it was also
Costco Co.	the 12 weeks ended February 14th and our four-weeks sales results for the month of February, which ended this past Sunday, February 28th. As with every call let me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events. results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks ask uncertainties include, but are not limited to those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week second-quarter operating results -- excuse me. For the quarter reported EPS came in at $0.67, up 22% from last-year's second quarter of $0.55. As noted in this morning's release, a $22 million pretax charge, or $0.03 a share was recorded in the quarter related it a change in the Company's employee benefits whereby certain unused time off will now be paid annually to the employee. Excluding that nonrecurring charge, second quarter EPS would have been $0.70, or 27% increase over last-
Costco Co.	27.As with every conference call, I will start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week second quarter of fiscal 2011. For the quarter our earnings per share came in at $0.79, up 18% from last year's second-quarter earnings per share of $0.67.As was noted in the press release, in last year's second quarter we had a $22 million or $0.03 a share charge that was recorded related to a change in the Company's employee benefits. Excluding this charge, Q2 EPS last year would have been $0.70 and the 18% EPS increase would have been 13% on a more normalized basis.In looking at the year-over-year Q2 earnings comparison there are just a few other items I will quickly note
Costco Co.	these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.24, up 38% from last year's $0.90 reported number. As noted in this morning's release and as I had mentioned during our first-quarter conference call -- earnings call back on December 12, this quarter's net income was positively impacted by a $62 million or $0.14 per share income tax benefit. That was in connection with that portion of the special cash dividend paid by the Company in December of 2012 to Company 401(k) plan participants. Excluding this one-time benefit, earnings per share for the quarter would have been $1.10 or up 22% year-over-year.In terms of sales for the second quarter, total sales were up 8% and our 12-week reported comparable sales figure was up 5%. For the quarter, sales were very slightly benefited by gasoline inflation, less than 10
Costco Co.	Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC. To begin with, our 16-week fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, our operating results, for the quarter we came in at a reported $0.90 a share compared to last year's fourth quarter of $0.83 a share. Both fiscal fourth quarters included a couple of items that were pointed out in this morning's press release.Last year's fourth quarter we recorded a one time non-cash charge of $56.2 million pre tax or $0.08 a share related to refunding our accounting for deferred membership revenues. Excluding this charge our Company's reported $0.83 fourth quarter last year in the fourth quarter it would have been $0.91. Also mentioned in this morning's release this year's Q4 included two items. A $0.05 per share LIFO charge, our first significant LIFO charge in years, and a $0.02 per share charge related to
Costco Co.	pointed out in this morning's press release.&nbsp;Last year's fourth quarter we recorded a one time non-cash charge of $56.2 million pre tax or $0.08 a share related to refunding our accounting for deferred membership revenues. Excluding this charge our Company's reported $0.83 fourth quarter last year in the fourth quarter it would have been $0.91. Also mentioned in this morning's release this year's Q4 included two items. A $0.05 per share LIFO charge, our first significant LIFO charge in years, and a $0.02 per share charge related to a litigation settlement. Together, these two items impacted the $0.90 reported fourth quarter number this year by $0.07. Excluding these items, this year's fourth quarter results would have been $0.97. On an apples to apples basis, the $0.97 would compare to a more normalized last year of $0.91. So a 6% year-over-year increase on an apples-to-apples basis.For the fiscal year we came in at a reported $1.28 billion or $2.89 a share, compared to $1.08 billion or $2.37 share in last year's fiscal 2007 in last year's fiscal 2007. As you know, and as I will outline for you in a few other items in last fiscal year, both in Q2 and
Costco Co.	to everyone. This morning we reported our 16-week fourth quarter and 52-week fiscal year-end operating results for fiscal 2009, both ended August 30, as well we reported our five-week September sales results for the five weeks that ended this past Sunday, October 4.As with every conference call, I will start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our fourth quarter operating results for the quarter, we reported EPS at $0.85 a share, down 6% from last year's reported Q4 EPS of $0.90. The $0.85 figure for this year's Q4 also compares to First Call EPS estimate of $0.77 per share that was out there this morning.As outlined in this morning's release, both fiscal fourth quarters included the impact of certain items
Costco Co.	from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 16-week fourth-quarter operating results for the quarter, reported earnings per share came in at $1.08, up 11% from last year's reported EPS of $0.97 and of course, the $1.08 figure was a penny or two below First Call estimates. Both fourth quarters included certain items that impacted the quarter-over-quarter comparisons. As I mentioned on our fiscal '10 fourth-quarter earnings call last October 6, last year's fiscal 2010 Q4 results included a few items that, in total, benefited last year's reported $0.97 figure by $0.02. And while there was no LIFO charge last year in Q4, as well as the whole year, the reported dollar rate this year included a $32 million pretax LIFO charge or $0.04 a share hit to earnings.Other items that impacted the comparison year-over-year, our foreign country earnings results again benefited from relatively stronger foreign countries on average as compared to the US dollar. In the fourth quarter, FX helped earnings by a little over $25 million pretax or a shade under $0.04 a share. That is assuming FX exchange rates were flat year-over-year. Our foreign country operating results
Costco Co.	Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week first-quarter operating results, for the quarter, as you saw, our reported EPS came in at $0.73 compared to last year's EPS reported at $0.71. As was noted in this morning's release, there were two large one-time items totaling $0.07 a share that hit this year's Q1 results.The first of these items was a settlement of an income tax audit ay Costco Mexico. During the first quarter Costco Mexico recorded an after-tax charge to their income tax line which when expressed in US dollars was $24 million.Since we consolidate Costco Mexico's operating results the full Costco Mexico P&L is included in our income statement, including the $24 million hit to our income taxes line. The offset to this $24 million was a $12 million benefit to our income statement on the
Costco Co.	start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results, and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined on today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12-week second-quarter results, for the quarter earnings per share came in at $0.90, up 14% from last year's second-quarter earnings per share of $0.79. This was on a 10% sales increase; and there weren't any big unusual items either in this year's or last year's second-quarter earnings. But as we go through our note, you will note the comparison includes not only a 10% overall sales increase, an 8% comp sales increase, and normalized 7% comp increase excluding gas inflation and FX impact. The FX impact on our foreign operations year-over-year in Q2, assuming flat year-over-year FX rate, essentially hit us by about $5 million pretax earnings in the second quarter.We
Costco Co.	and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements.The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.For the fourth quarter, to begin with our 17-week fourth-quarter fiscal 2012 operating results, we reported earnings per share, of course, this morning of $1.39, up 29% from last year's reported fourth-quarter earnings of $1.08. Sales for the quarter were up 14%, which, of course, included the extra week in Q4 this year -- again, it's 17 weeks this year versus 16 weeks last year.Now, comparable sales, which we do compare like 17-week periods both years, were up 5% on a reported basis and up 6% excluding gas and FX.Last year's fourth quarter results included a $32 million pretax LIFO charge that impacted last year's earnings per share by $0.04. This year's fourth-quarter results included an $11.5 million pretax LIFO charge, impacting this year's fourth-quarter earnings by $0.02 a share.Several other items impacting the year-over-year fourth-quarter comparisons of earnings include the
Costco Co.	statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, our twelve-week first quarter. For the quarter, we came in at a reported $0.51 per share. This compares to our October 12th guidance of $0.48 to $0.51 at which time First Call consensus was $0.50. And last year's first quarter, we came in at a reported $0.45 per share. So on an actual calculation earnings per share, we are up 13%, helped of course by share repurchases. If you look at net income, its growth was up 10%.As I will discuss in a few minutes, this year's first quarter benefited by about $0.01 a share due to a revision in our method of allocating certain payroll-related expenses which we expect to be more than offset in our upcoming third quarter by a corresponding hit to EPS in Q3 of a little under $0.02 per share, with small expected benefits in Q2 and Q4 such that in total, there will be no impact on our annual figures but we believe better accounting.
Costco Co.	me start by stating that the discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and that these statements involves -- involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those outlined in today's call as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, our 12 week second quarter. For the quarter earnings per share came in at $0.74, compares to $0.54 or up 37% from last year, recognizing that last year had some one-time items This compares to our December 13th guidance at First Calls $0.74 figure at that time was doable and at the high end of a small range, I know you've heard that before. In last year's second quarter, again while we came in at a reported $0.54 a share, as I explained last year and I'll do so again shortly, last year's second quarter, what I'll call normalized EPS was $0.66 a share. So really this quarter's
Costco Co.	from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.&nbsp;To begin with, our 12 week second quarter. For the quarter earnings per share came in at $0.74, compares to $0.54 or up 37% from last year, recognizing that last year had some one-time items This compares to our December 13th guidance at First Calls $0.74 figure at that time was doable and at the high end of a small range, I know you've heard that before. In last year's second quarter, again while we came in at a reported $0.54 a share, as I explained last year and I'll do so again shortly, last year's second quarter, what I'll call normalized EPS was $0.66 a share. So really this quarter's $0.74 figure represents a 12% year-over-year increase compared to that normalized $0.66. As you will see, this 12% normalized figure, I think we feel it's pretty good given the slightly, a very slightly weaker comp in Q2 versus Q1 and frankly a few items that in the aggregate probably hit us by perhaps $0.01. I'll talk about that later.In terms of sales for the quarter, as previously reported, total sales were up 12% and our
Costco Co.	by stating that these discussions we are having will include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, those outlines in today's call as well as other risks identified from time-to-time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with our 12 week third quarter of fiscal 2008 operating results for the quarter, our earnings per share came in at $0.67 up 37% from last year's reported earnings of $0.49 a share. Of course this compares to our March 5th guidance that first calls then $0.65 figure for this quarter was doable as the high end of a very small range. So a couple of cents above our first call and our own comments. In last years third quarter while we came in at a reported $0.49 a share, as I explained last year and I will do so again shortly, last year's third quarter, what we believe to be normalized EPS was not the
Costco Co.	for the quarter, our earnings per share came in at $0.67 up 37% from last year's reported earnings of $0.49 a share. Of course this compares to our March 5th guidance that first calls then $0.65 figure for this quarter was doable as the high end of a very small range. So a couple of cents above our first call and our own comments. In last years third quarter while we came in at a reported $0.49 a share, as I explained last year and I will do so again shortly, last year's third quarter, what we believe to be normalized EPS was not the $0.49 reported but rather $0.56 a share. So this quarters $0.67 figure really represents a 20% year-over-year increase on a normalized basis.In terms of sales for the quarter, total sales were up 13%, 12% excluding last year's third quarter increase to the estimated reserve for sales returns. And our 12 week comparable sales figures showed an increase of 8% continuing to benefit of course from both gasoline inflation and a weak dollar or strong FX, primarily from Canada. We consider it a pretty solid underlying comp number given the current state of what's going on
Costco Co.	of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and that these statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results and/or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those outlined in today's call, as well as other risks identified from time to time in the Company's public statements and reports filed with the SEC.To begin with, for the quarter, our reported earnings came in at $0.96 a share, compared to last year's earnings per share of $0.95. Several items of note that impacted the year-over-year comparison. I'll go through six items. Membership fee increase. As I've been mentioning for the last many quarters, the fee increase that we did in the US and Canada in late 2011 and early 2012, that benefited this first quarter earnings by about $8 million pre-tax, or $0.01 a share. That will be the tail end of the benefit of that increase showing -- hitting our numbers.Interest expense was higher year-over-year in the first quarter by $14 million pre-tax, or $0.02 a share. This, of course, related to last December's $3.5 billion debt offering in conjunction with the $7.00
Costco Co.	came in at a reported $0.54 a share compared to last year's second quarter $0.62 per share. As outlined in this morning's press release, excluding the three non-recurring items recorded in Q2, what I will term normalized earnings per share would have been $0.66 per share and of course this normalized $0.66 result compares to our December 14th guidance of $0.62 to $0.66 and current First Call of $0.66.In terms of sales for the quarter, as previously reported our 12-week comparable sales figure showed an increase of 5%. We are also, of course, reporting this morning our four-week February comp sales results which came in at 4%. I'll shed some light on those numbers in a minute.Other topics of interest I'll review with you this morning, our opening activities and plans. We opened four new locations during the second quarter which ended this past February 18th, three new in the U.S. and one new in the U.K, such that fiscal year-to-date, we have opened 16 net new locations in the first 24 weeks of fiscal 2007.I will also review with you this morning our ancillary business results, our online results, our membership trends. I'll talk about our new returns policy
Costco Co.	came in with a reported $0.49 a share compared to last year's third quarter $0.49 a share. As outlined in this morning's press release, excluding the additional sales return reserve adjustment and the associated reduction in gross margin on this sales adjustment taken in Q3, earnings per share would have been $0.56 representing a 14% increase above last year's $0.49 figure and this compares to our March 8th guidance of $0.52 to $0.56 and current First Call of $0.56.Please recall also that our March 8th guidance included an estimated $0.02 per share hit in Q3 related to the change we made at the beginning of the fiscal year to our method of allocating during the fiscal year certain payroll-related expenses such as FICA taxes. As you recall, this change, while a zero effect to the entire fiscal year, helped Q1 by $0.01, actually hurt Q2 by a very small amount and also hurt or hit Q3, not by $0.02 but a little under $0.01 and not the $0.02 per share hit that we had originally budgeted or estimated. Again, it's a zero sum game for the year. It's a -- it will be no effect on the Company but in
Costco Co.	quarter, for the quarter, we came in at a reported $0.83 a share, compared to last year's fourth quarter $0.75 a share. As outlined in this morning's release, excluding the non recurring non cash pretax charge of $56.2 million or $0.08 a share related to the refining of our accounting for deferred membership fee revenues, the Company's fourth quarter net income and earning per share would have been [$408 million and $8.91] per share respectively, representing a 15% increase in net income and 21% increase in earnings per share. And as I mentioned, last year's fourth quarter had one extra week. These results also compare favorably to our May 31, guidance of $0.81 to $0.83 and current first call at $0.83.For the fiscal year we came in at a reported 1.083 billion or $2.37 a share, compared to 1.103 billion $2.30 a share. And of course the $2.30 was last year's 53 week fiscal year. Essentially down 2% in net income, about flat if you account for the extra week last year and up 3% in EPS. As you know, and as I will outline for you in a few minutes, there were a few other unusual items this fiscal
Costco Co.	filed with the SEC.&nbsp;To begin with our 12 week first quarter of fiscal '08 results for the quarter we came in at a reported $0.59 per share. This compares to my guidance back on October 10 of something in the mid to high 50s and I indicated that 59 actually may be a shade high but we got there. The first call was at 59 at the time and actually I think it went to 58, recently has been bumped back by you guys to 59, so pretty much in line with first call. In last year's first quarter we came in as you know at $0.51 per share so EPS was up 16% helped in part by share repurchases. There were three items that particularly impacted our $0.59 EPS figure that I'd like to point out. Number one, a little over a $0.01 a share, actually about $8.9 million pretax was represented increased SG&A expenses related to a planed sharing with our U.S. employees for their help in controlling Health Care costs.As you know four years ago we made some changes to healthcare and we told them that that with those changes they would bear a little bit more
CVS Caremark Corp.	for CVS in 2004. It will be important to keep that in mind, if you build your models versus the 53-week year we just completed for 2003. Dave will discuss this again when he provides earnings guidance a little later and help you adjust our 2003 results for one-time factors, such as the extra week, so you can make apples to apples comparisons in your 2004 model. Third, I want to remind you that in light of Regulation G, we'll only accept analyst models for review within the one-week period following this quarterly conference call. This reviewing comment will be limited to suggesting changes based on information disseminated to the public on the call. We'll simply check analysts' models for appropriate interpretations of what we said.In addition, please note that during this call we will discuss one non-GAAP financial measure in talking about our company's performance, which is free cash flow. It is defined as earnings after taxes plus noncash charges plus changes in working capital, less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends. We find this an excellent way to understand the dynamics of our business as opposed to financing decisions or one-time events. I
CVS Caremark Corp.	sign up using the invitation that was sent to you via e-mail, and we sent that out on April 27. We hope you can join us on September 29th for a full morning of presentations on our company. If for any reason you haven't received an invitation and you'd like to come, please call my assistant, Linda Pierre, at 914-722-4094.Second, I want to reiterate that, in light of Regulation FD, we'll only accept analyst models for review within the one-week period following each quarterly earnings call. This review and comment will be limited to suggesting changes based on information disseminated to the public on the call. We'll simply check analysts models for appropriate interpretations of what we said.In addition, please note that during this call we'll discuss one non-GAAP financial measure in talking about our company's performance, which is free cash flow. It's defined as earnings after taxes plus non-cash charges plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends. We find this is an excellent way to understand the dynamics of our business as opposed to financing decisions or one-time events. I believe the majority of other companies use a similar
CVS Caremark Corp.	reminder invitation via e-mail last Friday to which you can reply. If you have already signed up, it is not necessary to do so again. If you would like to attend and you haven't received an invitation, please call Linda Pierre at 914-722-4094 and she will gladly assist you.By the end of September, we will have owned the Eckerd's stores for two months and we will be able to share our initial impressions at that time. We are already expecting a big crowd and we hope all of you can join us on September 29th for a full morning of presentations on CVS.Second, I want to reiterate that in light of Regulation FD, we will only accept analyst models for review within the one week period following each quarterly earnings call. This review and comment will be limited to suggesting changes based on information disseminated to the public on the call.During this period we'll simply check analysts models for appropriate interpretations of what we have said. In addition, please note that during this call we will discuss one non-GAAP financial measure in talking about our company's performance, namely free cash flow.Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus
CVS Caremark Corp.	today for our third quarter earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President and CEO of CVS Caremark and David Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO.Today's call will be a little different from our past calls. Given the extreme volatility and undo pressure on share price, we want to take the opportunity this public forum presents to answer key questions on the minds of investors. Following some opening remarks, Tom will answer the top questions we will been hearing head on, and then Dave will address the questions most companies have been getting lately, what is our credit and liquidity position. Dave will provide a financial review of the third quarter and guidance for the year. Then we'll take your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including follow up so we can get to as many analysts and investors as possible.For your information, we expect to file our 10-Q for the quarter by the end of the day tomorrow and it will be available through our website at investor.cvs.com. Given that we complete our annual budget late in the year, our practice is to provide guidance for the next year on our fourth
CVS Caremark Corp.	and thanks for joining us today for our fourth-quarter conference call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President and CEO of CVS Caremark, and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. Tom will summarize our key 2008 accomplishments and provide a brief business update highlighting our key areas of focus for 2009, then Dave will provide a financial review of the fourth quarter and hit the highlights for our guidance for the first quarter and year. During the Q&A that follows we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including followups, so we can get to as many as analysts and investors as possible.I want to quickly touch on one important upcoming event. We recently sent a save the day e-mail for our annual analysts and investor meeting which will take place on the morning of Friday, May 15th at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City. We plan to send formal invitations in March. So if you didn't receive our save the day and would like to receive an invitation, please contact me. This event is the one-time per year that we provide broad access to an extended group of our senior management team, so
CVS Caremark Corp.	and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO. First let me provide a quick reminder. Our annual analyst and investor meeting will take place next Friday morning, May 15th, at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in New York City. We've had a big response to the meeting and look forward to seeing several hundred of you there. If anyone else would like to attend and need the specifics of the meeting, please call my office and we'll do our best to fit you in. The presentations will also be available via webcast. This is the one time per year that we provide broad access to an extended group of our senior management team, so we do hope you can be there in person.Given that we have our big meeting next week, today's business update will be somewhat more brief than usual. We'll focus primarily on the quarter's results. During the Q&A that follows, we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including follow-up, so that we can get to as many analysts and investors as possible. Turning back to our first quarter, please note that we expect to file our 10-Q by the end of day today and
CVS Caremark Corp.	CEO, Larry Merlo, who will provide an update on the business. After Larry, our Executive Vice President and CFO, Dave Denton, will review financial results and guidance. John Roberts, President of PBM, and Mark Cosby, President of our Retail Business, are also with us today and will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. During the Q&A, please limit yourself to no more than two questions so we can provide more callers with a chance to ask their questions.Just before this call we posted a slide presentation on our website that summarizes the information you'll hear today as well as key facts and figures regarding our operating performance and guidance. I encourage you to take a look at that. Additionally, we plan to file our quarterly report on form 10Q by the close of business today and it will be available through our website at that time. During this call we'll use some non-GAAP financial measures when talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations you can find the definitions of these non-GAAP items as well as reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures on the investor relations portion of
CVS Caremark Corp.	with our President and CEO, Larry Merlo, who will provide an update on the Business. After Larry, our Executive Vice President and CFO, Dave Denton, will review financial results and guidance. Jon Roberts, President of PBM, and Mark Cosby, President of our Retail business, are also with us today, and will participate in the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. During the Q&A, please limit yourself to no more than two questions so we can provide more callers with a chance to ask their questions.Just before this call, we posted a slide presentation on our website that summarizes the information you will hear today, as well as key facts and figures regarding our operating performance and guidance. I encourage you to take a look at that. Additionally, we plan to file our quarterly report on Form 10-Q by the close of business today, and it will be available through our website at that time.During this call, we will use some non-GAAP financial measures when talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the definitions of these non-GAAP measures, as well as reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, on
CVS Caremark Corp.	a half day event with several speakers from our senior management team. An invitation with all the details will be sent via e-mail in March. But, please save the date.While we're likely to webcast the meeting, we hope you will attend in person as this is one time during the year when you can have direct exposure to executives beyond our usual spokes people. Second, we sent an e-mail to everyone currently on our investor relations distribution list. It was sent on January 26th at about 9:30 in the morning requesting that you respond by February 10th if you wish to remain on our list. We're trying to insure that our list is up to date. So please remember to respond by then if you want to remain on the list. Please note that today's call will be simulcast on our website at investor.cvs.com. It will also be archived on our website for a one month period following the call to make it easy for all investors to access the call. Note that this call may not be rebroadcast without prior written consent from CVS.Now I will quickly rattle through the usual administration items. In light of Regulation FD, we
CVS Caremark Corp.	Part D, and other assumptions about our future financial performance, including the substance related to our 2006 guidance. Current and prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties, that actual results may differ materially due to various factors.For example, adverse developments with respect to the company's operating plan, objectives, competitive developments, the success of the Medicare Part D implementation, the timing and launch of new branded engineered pharmaceuticals, and regulatory and legal matters, government investigations, and governmental action regarding pricing and reimbursements. Additional factors that could affect our business can be found in our forms 10-K, 10-Q and other SEC filings. This conference call includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. A complete reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in the tables attached to the earnings press release. You can access the press release on the live webcast and a replay of this conference call from the Investor Relations section of Caremark Rx .com until March 1, 2006.I'm pleased that Caremark has once again delivered record earnings in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2005, and am particularly proud of the employees who
CVS Caremark Corp.	not already responded to the invitation that we e-mailed to you on March 20, please do so at your earliest convenience. If you need any additional information, you can contact Adriana Vasquez at 914-722-4073.Now because our annual analyst and investor meeting is less than three weeks away, we are going to provide a somewhat condensed business update today, along with our usual financial review. For a more detailed update, please join us either in person or via webcast at our upcoming meeting on May 24. We do hope you attend in person, however, as this is the one time during the year when you can have direct exposure to executives beyond our usual spokespeople.Second, as you know, we planned to acquire 700 standalone Sav-On and Osco drug stores. Our current expectation is for the closing to occur in the first half of June. I want to make you aware that from the time of closing until the systems integration is complete, we expect to report monthly sales results on a slightly later schedule than we do today. That is due to sales systems incompatibility that we will be working around initially.So, for example, if the deal closes in early June,
CVS Caremark Corp.	Albertsons stores and is related to systems incompatibility that we are working around initially. Once the systems are integrated we will shift back to reporting sales on our previous schedule which is typically two business days earlier.Second in order to be able to take as many questions as possible today I would ask that you limit yourself to one or two questions, including your follow-up. If you have more than that you can get back in the queue and we will try to get to you as time permits. Third, I want to remind you that today's call is being simulcast on our IR website. It will also be archived there for a one month period following the call to make it easy for all investors to access the call. Note that this call may not be rebroadcast without prior written consent from CVS.Fourth, please note that during this call we will discuss one non-GAAP financial measurement in talking about our company's performance, namely free cash flow. We find it a good way to understand operational cash flow being generated by the business. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus non-cash charges, plus changes in working capital,
CVS Caremark Corp.	performance, involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially due to various factors. For example, adverse development with respect to the company's operating plan and objectives, competitive development, success of Medicare Part D, the timing and launch of new branded and generic pharmaceuticals, regulatory and legal matters, government investigations, government mental action regarding pricing and reimbursement. Additional factors that could affect our business can be found in our forms 10-K, 10-Q and other SEC filings.This conference call includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. A complete reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in the tables attached to the earnings release dated August 8th, 2006. You can access the press release, a live and archived webcast of this conference call from the Investor Relations section of www.caremarkrx.com until August 22nd.Now let's turn over and talk about a little bit about our results. We're pleased to report very solid Q2 results today. Revenues increased 15% to $9.4 billion in the quarter. Earnings per share was $0.58 per share on a reported basis. Adjusting for a gain on the resolution of a dispute with the former AdvancePCS client of $10.6 million which represents approximately $0.01 per share
CVS Caremark Corp.	comps up 5.8%.The 2004 acquired stores continue to deliver very strong results with total comps up 13.9% in October, once again, reflecting solid results in both the front store and the pharmacy. We saw strength across all of our core categories.Now before I turn this over to Dave, I have a couple of administrative items to cover. First, today's call is being simulcast on our IR Web site. It will also be archived there for a one-month period following the call.Second, please note that during this call we'll discuss one non-GAAP financial measure in talking about our Company's performance, namely, free cash flow. It's defined as earnings after-taxes plus non-cash charges plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends.In accordance with SEC Regulations you can find the reconciliation of free cash flow to comparable GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at investor.cvs.com.Third, our attorneys have asked me to read the Safe Harbor statement. During this presentation we will make certain forward being looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For these statements we claim the protection
CVS Caremark Corp.	enrollment.&nbsp;Current and prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially due to various factors. Examples of such things include adverse developments with respect to the Company's operating plan and objectives, competitive developments, the timing and launch of new branded and generic pharmaceuticals, regulatory and legal matters, government investigations, and pricing and reimbursement as well as additional factors that could affect your business which can be found in our forms 10-K, 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. This conference call includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. A complete reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in the tables attached to the earnings press release dated November 1st, 2006. You can access the press release, a live and archived version of this webcast and conference call from the investor relations section of CaremarkRx.com until November 16th.Okay. As you can see from the earnings press release our earnings per share for the quarter was quite strong totaling $0.67 including a gain of $0.02 per share or over $17 million pretax resulting from the recognition of the value of a treasury lot
CVS Caremark Corp.	to suggesting changes based on information disseminated to the public on the call.During this period we'll simply check analysts' models for appropriate interpretations of what we have said.In addition, please note that during this call we will discuss one non-GAAP financial measure in talking about our Company's performance, namely, free cash flow. We find it a good way to understand operational cash flow being generated by the business.Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus non-cash charges plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends. In accordance with SEC regulations you can find the reconciliation of free cash flow to comparable GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at investor.cvs.com.Now as we typically do on these calls, our attorneys have asked me to read the Safe Harbor statement.During this presentation we will make certain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. For these statements we claim the protection of the Safe Harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.We strongly recommend that you become familiar with the specific risks
CVS Caremark Corp.	members of the senior management team, with respect to the anticipated growth rates of the Company's business, including revenue growth and earnings per share projections as well as the assumptions upon which our statements are based.Respective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainty, and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements on this conference call include, but are not limited to the adverse developments with respect to the Company's operating plan and objectives as well as adverse developments in the healthcare and pharmaceutical industry generally.Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated on this conference call can be found in the Company's annual report Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, and the Company's other periodic filings from time to time with the SEC. This conference call includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, as defined under SEC rules. As required by the SEC rules, we have provided, in the footnotes to the press release issued today, a
CVS Caremark Corp.	answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn today's call over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thanks, Cynthia. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with our senior management team, Tom Ryan Chairman and CEO of CVS Caremark, who will provide a brief business update, Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a financial review, and Larry Merlo, President and COO and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business, both of whom will participate in the question-and-answer session that follows our prepared remarks. During the question-and-answer session, please limit your questions to no more than two including follow-ups so we can provide more analysts and investors a chance to ask a question.This morning we'll discuss some non-GAAP financial measures when talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the definitions of the non-GAAP items I mentioned as well as the reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures on the investor relations portion of our website at info.CVSCaremark.com/investor. As always, today's call is being simulcast
CVS Caremark Corp.	1995. Forward-looking statements discussed on this conference call include the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company and members of it senior management team with respect to the anticipated growth prospects for the Company's business, including revenue growth and earnings per share projections and the anticipated amount and timing of synergies and accretion from the advanced PCS transaction. And the amount of certain expenses to be incurred in connection with the transaction. As well as the assumptions upon which statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements.Important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements on this conference call include, but are not limited to; adverse developments with respect to the Company's operating plan and objectives, as well as adverse developments in the healthcare, pharmaceutical industry generally. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated on this conference call can be found in the Company's annual report on form 10-K for the year ended
CVS Caremark Corp.	An invitation with all the details will be forthcoming in March but please save the date. I also want to remind you in light of Regulation FD we will only accept analyst models for review within the one week period following each quarterly earnings call. This reviewing comment will be limited to suggesting changes based on information disseminated to the public on the call. During this period we'll simply check analyst models for appropriate interpretations of what was said. In addition please note that during this call we'll discuss one non-GAAP financial measure in talking about our company's performance, namely free cash flow. We find it good way to understand operational cash flow being generated by the business as opposed to, for example, financial cash flow. In accordance with new SEC regulations you can find the reconciliation of free cash flow to comparable GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of our website at investor.cvs.com.Now, I'd like to announce three financial reporting improvements we're implementing starting today. First, in the interest of getting information to our shareholders and other interested parties as quickly as possible, we've been working on ways to release monthly sales information earlier than we have in
CVS Caremark Corp.	members of its senior management team with respect to the anticipated growth prospects for the Company's business, including revenue growth and earnings per share projections and the anticipated amount and timing of synergies and accretion from the AdvancePCS transaction, and the amount of certain expenses to be incurred in connection with the transaction, as well as the assumptions upon which statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements.Important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements on this conference call include, but are not limited to adverse developments with respect to the Company's operating plan and objectives, as well as adverse developments in the healthcare, pharmaceutical industry generally.Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated on this conference call can be found in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company's quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2004, June 30, 2004, and
CVS Caremark Corp.	upon which such statements are based.&nbsp;Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements on this conference call include, but are not limited to, adverse developments with the respect to the Company's operating plan and objectives, as well as adverse developments in the healthcare or pharmaceutical industry generally. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated on this conference call can be found in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, and the Company's other periodic filings from time to time with the SEC. This conference call includes certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules. As required by SEC rules, we have provided in the footnotes to the Press Release issued today a reconciliation of those measures to those most directly comparable to GAAP measures.Well, again, good morning. Thank you for dialing in. Joining me today are Howard McLure and Pete
CVS Caremark Corp.	four weeks away, we're going to provide a somewhat condensed business update today, along with our usual financial review. For a more detailed update, please join us either in person or via audio webcast at our upcoming meeting on June 2nd.Next, I want to remind you that today's call will be simulcast on our website at investor.CVS.com. It will also be archived on our website for one month period following the call, to make it easy for all investors to access the call. Note that this call may not be rebroadcast without prior written consent from CVS. I also want to remind you that in light of regulation FD, we'll only accept analyst models for review within the one-week period following each quarterly earnings call. This review and comment will be limited to suggesting changes based on information disseminated to the public on the call. During this period, we'll simply check analyst models for appropriate interpretations of what we have said.In addition, please note during this call we will discuss one non-GAAP financial measure in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow. We find a good way to understand operational cash flow being generated by the business. Free
CVS Caremark Corp.	the call over to Ms. Nancy Christal. Please go ahead, ma'am.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP OF IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Celeste. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with Larry Merlo, President and CEO; Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business. After our prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one or two including follow-up, so we can provide more analysts and investors the chance to ask their questions.I want to make sure you are all aware that we posted slides on our website this morning that summarize the information on this call. The slides also include some key facts and figures that you may find helpful which we won't have time to review on the call. I also want to announce the date for our 2011 analyst day. It will be held on the morning of Friday, October 7 in New York City. More details will be forthcoming, but please hold the date.This morning, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. In accordance with
CVS Caremark Corp.	over to the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Miss Nancy Christal. Please go ahead.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP OF IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Frank. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with Larry Merlo, President and CEO; Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business.After our prepared remarks we'll have a question-and-answer session. During the Q&A please limit your questions to one or two including follow-up so we can provide more analysts and investors the chance to ask a question.As a reminder, we posted slides and supplemental financial schedules on our website this morning that summarize the information on this call as well as some key facts and figures around our operating performance.This morning we'll also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations you can find the definitions of the non-GAAP items I mentioned as well as the reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of our website.As always, today's call is being simulcast on our website and it will be archived there following the call. Please note
CVS Caremark Corp.	today. I'm here with Larry Merlo, President and CEO, who will provide a business update, and Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a financial review. Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business, and Mark Cosby, President of CVS Pharmacy, are also with us today, and will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one or two, including follow-up, so we can provide more analysts and investors a chance to ask their questions.During this call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the definitions of the non-GAAP items I mentioned, as well as the reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of our website.And we'd also encourage you to download the slide presentation we posted on our website this morning. The slides summarize the information on this call, as well as key facts and figures around our operating performance and guidance. As always, today's call is being simulcast on our website, and it will be archived there following the call for one year.
CVS Caremark Corp.	year.But before I turn this over to Dave I have the usual administrative items to cover and I will also review October sales results, which we announced this morning in a separate press release.First, please note that today's call will be simulcast on our website at investor.cvs.com. It will also be archived on our website for a one-month period following the call to make it easy for all investors to access the call. Note that this call may not be rebroadcast without prior written consent from CVS.Second, in light of Regulation FD, we will only accept analyst models for review within the one-week period following each quarterly earnings call. This review and comment will be limited to suggesting changes based on information disseminated to the public on the call. During this period we will simply check analyst models for appropriate interpretations of what have we said.In addition, please note that during this call we will discuss one nonGAAP financial measure in talking about our Company's performance, namely, free cash flow. We find that a good way to understand operational cash flow being generated by the business. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus non-cash charges plus changes
CVS Caremark Corp.	impact in 2006 of the Company's Medicare Part D programs as well as the assumptions upon which such statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward looking statements. Important factors currently known to management that could cause actual results to differ materially from those not contemplated by the forward looking statements in this conference call include, but are not limited to, adverse developments with respect to the Company's operating plan and objectives as well as adverse developments in the healthcare or pharmaceutical industry generally. Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in this conference call can be found on the Company's annual report on form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2004 and the Company's other periodic filings from time to time with the SEC This conference call includes certain nonGAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules. As required by SEC rules, we are providing in the footnotes to the tables attached to the press release a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly
CVS Caremark Corp.	provide a business update, and Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO who will provide a financial review of the fourth quarter and guidance for the first quarter and full year 2010. Larry Merlo, President of our retail business, and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business are also here with us today. Both of them will participate in the question and answer session that follows our prepared remarks. During the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including follow-ups, so we can get to as many analysts and investors as possible.This morning we'll discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations you can find the definition of the non-GAAP items I mentioned, as well as the reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of our website at info.cvscaremark.com/investors. As always, today's call is being simulcast on our IR website and will also be archived there for one month period following the call to make it easy for all investors to access it. I want to quickly let you know about an important upcoming event.Please
CVS Caremark Corp.	go ahead.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP, INVESTOR RELATIONS, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thanks, Regina. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our first-quarter earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President, and CEO of CVS Caremark, who will provide a business update, and Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a financial review of the first quarter of 2010, and guidance for the second quarter and full year 2010. Larry Merlo, President of our retail business, and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business, are also here with us today. Both of them will participate in the question and answer session that follows our prepared remarks.During the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including follow-up, so we can get to as many analysts and investors as possible. This morning we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance -- namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the definitions of the non-GAAP items I mentioned, as well as the reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, on the investor relations portion of our website at info.cvscaremark.com/investor. As always, today's
CVS Caremark Corp.	the conference over to Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Christal, you may begin your conference.NANCY CHRISTAL, IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thanks, Brooke. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today on short notice. We're very excited to tell you more about our new 12-year contract with Aetna. In light of the Aetna news, we thought it made sense to accelerate our earnings announcement so we could get all of the information into the market place at once.I'm here with our senior management team. Tom Ryan, Chairman and CEO of CVS Caremark, will discuss the strategic rationale and financial value of the Aetna agreement, walk through our quarterly business update and touch on our revised 2010 earnings guidance. Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, will provide a financial review of the quarter as well as the details behind our revised guidance for this year. And Larry Merlo, President and COO, and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business, both are here with me as well and they will participate in the question and answer session that follows our prepared remarks.This morning we'll discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely, free
CVS Caremark Corp.	prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)Thank you, I would like to turn the call over to Miss Nancy Christal, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.&nbsp;NANCY CHRISTAL, IR, CVS CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with our Senior Management team. Tom Ryan, Chairman and CEO of CVS Caremark, will provide some brief opening remarks about his transition to retirement. Larry Merlo, President and COO, who will take the reins as CEO in March, will talk about his priorities to drive growth going forward. He'll also provide an overview of our 2011 guidance and an update on the business. Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, will provide a financial review of the quarter and some details around our initial guidance for the year. Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business, is also with us today and will participate in the question-and-answer session that follows our prepared remarks.We have a lot to cover this morning, and we posted slides on our website that summarize the information on this call. I hope you find that helpful. During the question-and-answer session, please limit
CVS Caremark Corp.	morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. I'm here with Larry Merlo, President and CEO, who will provide a business update. And Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review our financials. Jon Roberts, President of Caremark, and Mark Cosby, President of CVS/Pharmacy are also with us today, and will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. During the Q&A, please limit yourself to one or two questions so we can provide more analysts and investors a chance to ask their questions.Please note that we posted a slide presentation on our website this morning. And it summarizes the information on this call, as well as key facts and figures around our operating performance and guidance. So I recommend that you take a look at that. Additionally, note that we plan to file our annual report on Form 10-K later this month. And it will be available through our website at that time. During this call we'll discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the definitions of the non-GAAP items I mentioned, as well as a
CVS Caremark Corp.	go ahead.NANCY CHRISTAL, SVP, IR, CVS CAREMARK CORP.: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for the second quarter earnings call. I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO of CVS Caremark . Dave will provide a business update, a financial review of the second quarter and guidance. I'm happy we have two other key executives with us today: Larry Merlo, President of CVS Pharmacy - Retail, and Howard McLure, President of Caremark Pharmacy Services. Both Larry and Howard will participate in the question and answer session.For your information, we expect to file our 10Q late by late today and it will be available through our website at investor.cvs.com. This morning we'll discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our company's performance mainly free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus noncash charges, plus changes in working capital, plus net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions, dividends and discontinued operations.EBITDA is defined as operating profits plus depreciation plus amortization. Adjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS from continuing operations, eliminating the effects of amortization only and assuming our overall effect tax
CVS Caremark Corp.	discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our company's performance mainly free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus noncash charges, plus changes in working capital, plus net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions, dividends and discontinued operations.EBITDA is defined as operating profits plus depreciation plus amortization. Adjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS from continuing operations, eliminating the effects of amortization only and assuming our overall effect tax rate for the amortization. As usual, we will provide guidance today using adjusted EPS which is the metric used in first call consensus. In accordance with FCC regulations, you can find the reconciliation of the nonGAAP I mentioned to comparable GAAP measures on the investor relations portion of our website at investor.CVS.com. As always today's call is being simulcast on our website, it will also be archived there for a one month period following the call to make it easy for all investors to access the call. Following our remarks, we'll have a Q&A session and we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions including follow-up so we can get to as many analysts and investors
CVS Caremark Corp.	and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO, will provide a financial review and guidance. During the Q&A that follows we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions including follow-up, so we can get to as many analysts as possible.Please note that we expect to file 10-Q by end of day today, and it will be available through our website, cvscaremark.com/investors. This morning we will discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, mainly free cash flow, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the definitions of the nonGAAP measures that I mentioned, as well as reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, on the Investor Relations portion at cvscaremark.com/investors. As always, today's call is being simulcast on our IR website, and it will also be archived there for a one month period following the call, to make it easy for all investors to access it.Before we continue, our attorneys have asked me to read the Safe Harbor statement. During this presentation we will make certain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, that could cause actual results to differ materially. Accordingly, for these forward-looking statements we claim the
CVS Caremark Corp.	CAREMARK CORPORATION: Thanks Regina. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. I'm here with Tom Ryan, Chairman, President and CEO of CVS Caremark who will provide a business update and Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO who will provide a financial review and guidance. During the Q&A that follows we ask that you limit yourself to one or two questions including follow-ups so we can get to as many analysts and investors as possible.Please note that we expect to file our 10-Q by end of the day today and it will be available through our website at CVSCaremark.com/investors. This morning we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance mainly free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations you can find the definitions of the non-GAAP items I just mentioned as well as the reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of our website at CVSCaremark/investors.com. As always today's call is being simulcast on our IR website. It will also be archived there for a one month period following the call to make it easy for all investors to access
CVS Caremark Corp.	President and CEO; Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business.After our prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one or two including follow-up so we can provide more analysts and investors a chance to ask their questions.I have just a couple of reminders today. First, we will host our Analyst Day on the morning of Tuesday, December 20 in New York City. At that time we will provide 2012 guidance as well as a comprehensive update on our growth strategies. In addition to Larry, Dave, and Per, you will also have the opportunity to hear from additional members of our senior management team including our new President of CVS Pharmacy, Mark Cosby; our Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Troyen Brennan; and our President of MinuteClinic, Dr. Andy Susman. If you haven't received an invitation and would like to attend, please contact me. We expect a big turnout and look forward to seeing many of you there.Second, I want to be sure you are aware that we posted slides and supplemental financial schedules on our website this morning that summarize the
CVS Caremark Corp.	President and CEO, who will provide a business update, and Dave Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a financial review. Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business, and Mark Cosby, President of CVS/pharmacy, are also with us today, and they will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks.During the Q&A, please limit your questions to one or two, including follow-ups, so we can provide more analysts and investors the chance to ask their questions.During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the definitions of the non-GAAP items I mentioned, as well as the reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, on the investor relations portion of our website.Please note that we also posted slides and supplemental financial schedules on our website this morning that summarize the information on this call as well as key facts and figures around our operating performance and guidance; so you may want to check those out. As always, today's call is being simulcast on our website, and it will be archived there following the call for one year.Finally,
CVS Caremark Corp.	Denton, Executive Vice President and CFO, who will provide a financial review. Per Lofberg, President of our PBM business; and Mark Cosby, President of CVS Pharmacy, are also with us today and will participate in the Q&A session following our prepared remarks. During the question-and-answer session, please limit yourself to one or two questions so we can provide more analysts and investors a chance to ask their questions.During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the definitions of the non-GAAP items I mentioned, as well as the reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of our website. I also recommend that you download the slide presentation we posted on our website this morning. The slides summarize the information on this call, as well as key facts and figures around our operating performance and guidance. In addition, note that we plan to file our Form 10-Q today before the close of business, and it will be available through our website at that time. As always today's call is being simulcast on our website and
CVS Caremark Corp.	President and CFO, who will review our financials. Per Lofberg, Executive Vice President of CVS Caremark; Jon Roberts, President of Caremark; and Mark Cosby, President of CVS Pharmacy, are also with us today and will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. During the Q&A please limit yourself to one or two questions so we can provide more analysts and investor's a chance to ask their questions.I have a couple of quick reminders today. First, we will host our 2012 Analyst Day on the morning of Thursday, December 13 in New York City. At that time we will provide 2013 guidance as well as a comprehensive update on our growth strategy. In addition to Larry, Dave, Per, Jon and Mark, you will also have the opportunity to hear from Dr. Troy Brennan, our Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer, and Dr. Andy Sussman, our President of MinuteClinic and Associate Chief Medical Officer.If you haven't received an invitation and would like to attend, please contact my office. We expect a big crowd and look forward to seeing many of you there. For those of you who can't attend in person, the meeting will of course be webcast.Second, we
CVS Caremark Corp.	free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus non-cash charges plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends.EBITDA is defined as operating profit plus depreciation plus amortization. Adjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS, eliminating the effects of amortization only, and assuming our overall effective tax rate for the amortization. We'll provide guidance today using adjusted EPS, in order to improve our comparability with various competitors that you monitor. And to ensure consistency within the investment community, we recommend that all analysts use adjusted EPS when inputting their estimates into first call.In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find a reconciliation of the nonGAAP items I mentioned to comparable GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of our website at investor.CVS.com. As always, today's call is being simulcast on our IR website. It will also be archived there for a one-month period following the call, to make it easy for all investors to access the call. Following our remarks we will have a Q&A session and we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including follow up, so we
CVS Caremark Corp.	adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earning after taxes plus noncash charges, plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and EBITDA. EBITDA is defined as operating profit plus depreciation plus amortization. Adjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS eliminating the affect of amortization only and assuming our overall effective for the amortization. We will provide guidance today using adjusted EPS as we did on our last call.In accordance with SEC regulations you can find the reconciliation of the nonGAAP items I mentioned to comparable GAAP measures on the investor relations portion of our website at investor.cvs.com. As always today's call is being simulcast on our IR website, it will also be archived there for a one month period following the call to make it easy for all investors to access the call. Following our remarks we'll have a q-and-a session and we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions including follow-up so that we can get to as many analysts and investors as possible.Let me quickly touch on a couple of items before turning this over to Dave. First a reminder that our annual analyst and investor
CVS Caremark Corp.	call. I'm here with Dave Rickard, Executive Vice President and CFO, of CVS Caremark who will provide a business update, a financial review of the first quarter and guidance. Also with us is Howard McLure, President of Caremark Pharmacy Services, who will participate in the question-and-answer session.First I'll note that we expect to file our 10-Q by the end of the day today, and it will be available through our website at investor.cvs.com. This morning we will discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our Company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earning after taxes plus noncash charges, plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and EBITDA. EBITDA is defined as operating profit plus depreciation plus amortization. Adjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS eliminating the affect of amortization only and assuming our overall effective for the amortization. We will provide guidance today using adjusted EPS as we did on our last call.In accordance with SEC regulations you can find the reconciliation of the nonGAAP items I mentioned to comparable GAAP measures on the investor relations portion of our website at investor.cvs.com.
CVS Caremark Corp.	and guidance. Jon Roberts, President of PBM, is also with us today and will participate in the question-and-answer session following our prepared remarks. Mark Cosby, President of the Retail Business, was planning to join us but is under the weather and not able to be here today. During the Q&A, please limit yourself to no more than one question with a quick follow-up so that we can provide more callers with a chance to ask their questions.I have one important reminder today. On Wednesday, December 18, we will host our 2013 Analyst Day in New York City. At that time, we will provide 2014 guidance and some longer-term financial targets as well as a comprehensive update on our strategies for achieving those growth targets. You will have the opportunity to hear from several members of our Senior Management team about our PBM, Specialty, Retail and MinuteClinic businesses, along with numerous enterprise-wide initiatives that will capitalize on the evolving healthcare landscape and drive future growth. If you did not reply to your invitation, please let us know if you plan to be there as space is filling up quickly. The meeting will be webcast for those unable to attend in person,
CVS Caremark Corp.	generic introductions. I will note that there was no benefit to pharmacy comps from the flu season. Front store comps were up a very strong 8.2%. Remember that our comps don't yet include the stand-alone drugstores we acquired from Albertsons in June in of '06. Those stores will be included in our comp following the one-year anniversary of our deal in July of '07. The 2004 acquired stores once again delivered very strong results and our overall comp continued to benefit from the multi-year turnaround of those assets. We saw strength across all of our core front-end categories, especially health, personal care, beauty and digital photo. In particular, the cough and cold category was extremely strong in January and we experienced front end comps of over 8% at both the core CVS stores as well as the 2004 acquired stores. So we had a very strong start to 2007.Before turning this over to Tom, I have some quick administratory items to cover. First, just a reminder that a special meetings of the shareholders of Caremark and CVS will be held on February 20th and 23rd, respectively, to vote on our planned merger of Caremark. Please get your votes in as
CVS Caremark Corp.	separate press release.Tom will then update you on our business unit results in the quarter and the terrific opportunities we're seeing from the merger of CVS and Caremark. And Dave will provide a first quarter financial review and our initial guidance for the combined company for the second quarter and full-year 2007.Following our remarks, we'd be happy to take your questions. During the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including follow-up, as we have a large constituency of healthcare and retail analysts and investors to accommodate.Now, as you know, the merger closed on March 22nd, so our GAAP results include 10 days of Caremark's results, but our goal today is to help you understand the underlying performance of both CVS and Caremark in the first quarter. And we will provide that information throughout today's call.Per FAS 141, our 10-Q will provide pro forma revenues, earnings and EPS as if the companies were combined at beginning of the period. Let me note that our 10-Q will be filed today and going forward we expect to file our 10-Q normally on or about the day we report earnings each quarter in order to provide you
CVS Caremark Corp.	of Caremark and PharmaCare. In the meantime to help you understand the underlying performance of our retail and PBM segments on a comparable basis we've included three supplemental tables in today's earnings press release.During this call we'll discuss some nonGAAP financial measures in talking about our company's performance, namely free cash flow, EBITDA, and cash EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus noncash charges plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures, so free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends. EBITDA is defined as operating profit plus depreciation plus amortization. And cash EPS is defined as EPS eliminating the effect of depreciation and amortization. In accordance with SEC regulations, you can find the reconciliation of these items to comparable GAAP measures on the Investor Relations portion of our website at investor.cvs.com. As always today's call is being simulcast on our IR website. It will also be archived there for a one-month period following the call to make it easy for all investors to access the call.Following our remarks we'll all be happy to take your questions. During the Q&A session we ask that you limit yourself to one to two questions, including followups, as we
CVS Caremark Corp.	adjusted EPS. Free cash flow is defined as earnings after taxes plus noncash charges plus changes in working capital less net capital expenditures. So free cash flow excludes acquisitions and dividends. EBITDA is defined as operating profit plus depreciation plus amortization. And based upon requests from the investment community, on our first quarter call we began to provide earnings guidance for GAAP EPS as well as cash EPS, which is defined as diluted EPS eliminating the effect of both depreciation and amortization. So in a sense cash EPS adjusts for noncash investments on both the retail and PBM sides of our business.Some of our shareholders have asked us to adjust diluted EPS only for acquisition-related amortization, which primarily relates to the PBM side of our business. So we've decided to also provide guidance for that metric, which we will call adjusted EPS. Adjusted EPS is defined as diluted EPS eliminating the effect of amortization only. While our financial leadership, namely our CFO, considers himself a GAAP guy, we'll provide these metrics for your use as you see fit. In order to improve our comparability with various competitors that you monitor. Of course, we'll continue to provide guidance on a GAAP
Chevron Corp.	meeting in New York.So this morning I will provide a brief overview of our 2003 financial results. Then I will have John Watson cover the more detailed quarterly segment comparisons, and then I will take the mike again and followup with a look at our progress on strategies both reviewing 2003 and the outlook for 2004. I think we are making very good progress on all of those strategies. During an update, I will also cover our reserves, replacement results, and then we will leave plenty of time for your questions.Slide 4 provides a brief overview of financial performance. The company had a very strong quarter. As you can see, and annual earnings totaling 7.2 billion. ROC was 15% in the fourth quarter and 16% for the full year. We have achieved better comparisons with our competitors in 2003 than in recent years, and we expect the full-year results to continue that trend, when they are available throughout the industry.Using reasonable estimates for competitors capital employed and excluding special items, we beat the average of our major competitors over nine months, and, in fact, we are in second place. We continue to strengthen the balance sheet, our debt to capital
Chevron Corp.	that are available on the web. Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide 2.I'll begin with slide 3 which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's third quarter earnings were a record $7.9 billion, or $3.85 per diluted share. Our third quarter 2008 results were more than double our third quarter 2007 earnings. Higher crude oil and natural gas prices contributed to our upstream performance. Our downstream operations benefited from improved margins, strong refinery utilization and from timing effects related to the substantial drop in the price of oil during the third quarter.Third quarter 2008 earnings rose over 30% compared with the second quarter 2008, which Jim will discuss shortly. To recap the balance of slide 3, return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 27%. Capital and exploratory spending was $5.5 billion for the quarter. Stock buybacks were $2 billion during the period. Underscoring Chevron's financial strength, the debt ratio was below 8% at the end of the quarter and cash balances exceeded debt by $4 billion. Jim will now take us through the quarterly
Chevron Corp.	you, Matt. And welcome to Chevron's fourth quarter earnings conference call and Webcast. On the call with me today are Pat Yarrington, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jim Aleveras, General Manager, Investor Relations. Pat took over as CFO from Steve Crowe who retired last month and has extensive experience in all aspects of Chevron's financial operations. Most recently, Pat has been our Vice President and Treasurer and prior to that was Vice President of Government and Public Affairs and before that Vice President of Strategic Planning. You'll have an opportunity to meet her at our meeting in New York on March 10th.Pat, I'll turn the meeting over to you.PATRICIA YARRINGTON, VP, CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thanks, Dave. Let's turn now to Chevron's financial and operating results for the fourth quarter of 2008. We'll refer to the slides that are available on the web. Before we get started, please remember that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.I'll begin with slide three which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's fourth quarter earnings were $4.9 billion, or $2.44 per diluted share. Our total fourth quarter
Chevron Corp.	are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first quarter earnings were $1.8 billion or $0.92 per diluted share. Our first quarter 2009 earnings were down 64% from the first quarter 2008. First quarter 2009 earnings fell 62% compared to the fourth quarter of 2008, which Jim will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 22%, the debt ratio was about 12% at the end of the quarter.Jim will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Jim?JIM ALEVERAS, GM IR, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thanks, Pat. My remarks compare results of the first quarter 2009 with the fourth quarter 2008. As a reminder, our earnings release compared first quarter 2009 with the same quarter a year ago.Turning to slide four, first quarter earnings were down $3.1 billion from the fourth quarter. Starting with the left side of the chart, lower crude oil and natural gas realizations reduced the Company's worldwide upstream earnings. Additionally, upstream results were adversely affected by a foreign currency variance
Chevron Corp.	to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's second-quarter earnings were $5.4 billion, or $2.77 per diluted share. Return on Capital Employed for the trailing 12 months was about 16%.Our debt ratio at the end of June was approximately 12%. In the second quarter, we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares; and in the third quarter, we expect to repurchase the same amount.Turning to slide 4, cash generated from operations was $8.5 billion during the second quarter and $14.2 billion year-to-date. On last quarter's call, I noted adverse working capital effects, which reduced first-quarter cash generation.In the second quarter, we saw some, but not complete, reversal of these effects. We expect further working capital release as the remainder of the year unfolds.In June, the Company executed a $6 billion bond offering, taking advantage of historically low borrowing costs. Capital and exploratory expenditures were $8.6 billion during the second quarter and $16.8 billion year-to-date.The year-to-date amount includes incremental resource acquisition outlays associated
Chevron Corp.	Full year results of 14.1 billion marked a second consecutive year of record earnings for Chevron. The earnings improvement between quarters reflected a few key drivers. Downstream earnings benefited from higher marketing margins in the U.S. and the resumption of our Pascagoula refinery operations following the Gulf of Mexico hurricane disruptions of the third quarter. Increases in natural gas prices in the U.S. and a full quarter of earnings from the former Unocal operations, which were acquired in August, also contributed to our fourth quarter results. These benefits outweighed the ongoing adverse effects of last quarter's storms. There were no special items for the quarter or for the year.Return on capital employed over the trailing four quarters was 22% and our balance sheet at the end of the year reflects our Company's financial strength and flexibility. Debt-to-capital ratio, as at the end of the year, was 17% and our net debt was under 3%. Cash and marketable securities at the end of the year totaled $11 billion. Stock buybacks in the fourth quarter were $755 million, amounting to $3 billion for calendar year 2005. The $5 billion buyback program initiated in 2004 was concluded in November after 20 months, and
Chevron Corp.	of 2005, mainly due to higher commodity prices but also helped by volume additions from the Unocal acquisition. First-quarter results were down about 4% from the fourth quarter 2005, which Irene will detail shortly.There were no special items for the quarter. Return on capital employed over the trailing four quarters was 24%. The balance sheet continues to reflect our company's financial strength and flexibility. The debt-to-capital ratio at the end of the quarter was 16%. Stock repurchases in the first quarter totaled $1 billion, reflecting an accelerated buyback pace.Irene will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Irene?IRENE MELITAS, IR MANAGER, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thanks, Steve. My remarks compare results of the first quarter 2006 to the fourth quarter 2005. Bear in mind that our earnings release compared first quarter 2006 to the same quarter a year ago.Turning to slide four, net income was about 150 million lower in the first quarter. Starting with the left side of the chart, stronger crude prices improved upstream results, but were largely offset by the effects of lower natural gas prices in the US. The negative margin variance in downstream reflects weaker worldwide refining and marketing margins, particularly on the US West Coast, Asia-Pacific
Chevron Corp.	results of $4.4 billion or $1.97 per diluted share for the quarter. Our results were up 18% compared to the second quarter 2005 on higher crude oil prices and increased production. Second-quarter results were up 9% from the first quarter of 2006 and Steve will discuss this shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing four quarters was 24%. We continued to reduce debt during the second quarter and at quarter end, our debt to capital ratio was 13.4%. Our C&E spending totaled $4.3 billion for the quarter. Stock repurchases in the second quarter totaled $1.3 billion reflecting an accelerated buyback pace. And we anticipate completing the $5 billion buyback program by year end. Finally our year-to-date shareholder return is about 21%.Steve will now take us through the quarterly comparisons first quarter to second quarter. Steve?STEVE CROWE, CFO, CHEVRON: Thanks, Dave. My remarks compare the results of the second-quarter 2006 to the first quarter. Bear in mind that our earnings release compared the second-quarter 2006 to the same quarter a year ago.Turning to slide 4, net income was about $360 million higher in the second quarter. Starting with the left side of the chart, stronger crude prices improved upstream results but
Chevron Corp.	earnings press release. Third-quarter results were up 15% from the second quarter of 2006, which Irene will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed over the trailing four quarters was 23%. Our balance sheet continues to show financial strength and flexibility. The debt ratio remained at 13% at quarter-end. Our capital and exploratory spending was $4.1 billion for the quarter. Stock repurchases were $1.4 billion for the quarter. We had cumulative purchases totaling $3.8 billion. We expect to complete the current $5 billion program by year-end.And finally, our year-to-date total shareholder return is running about 22%. Irene will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Irene?IRENE MELITAS, MANAGER, IR, CHEVRON: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. My remarks compare results of the third-quarter 2006 to the second quarter. As a reminder, our earnings release compared third-quarter 2006 to the same quarter a year ago.Turning to slide four, net income was about $660 million higher in the third quarter. Starting with the left side of the chart, higher realizations benefited upstream results in the US but were largely offset by the effects of lower commodity prices internationally. The positive margin variance in downstream reflects stronger marketing margins, particularly in the US.Third-quarter earnings
Chevron Corp.	on slide two.Slide three begins with an update of our strategic process in upstream. In Venezuela, we announced a discovery at our first exploratory well in Plataforma Deltana, Block 3. Chevron has a 100 % interest in the block subject to a 35% back-in option by PdVSA. Natural gas was encountered in six shallow sand intervals. The well is relatively close to, and on trend with previously announced Loran discoveries in Block 2 and Manatee discovery in Trinidad and Tobago waters. Together these discoveries boost Chevron's plans to evaluate an LNG project in Venezuela.Moving across the world to Australia, Chevron acquired exploration rights at four deep water blocks west of the greater Gorgon area. Chevron holds a 50% interest and will be the operator in these blocks. The area is referred to as the Exmouth Plateau which is a deepwater frontier basin, which includes the North West shelf and Greater Gorgon resources. The proposed initial three year work program includes acquisition of 2-D and 3-D seismic and the drilling of two exploration wells.Moving to slide four, the partners in the North West Shelf venture sanctioned a major expansion of onshore facilities including a fifth LNG train. Train five will add
Chevron Corp.	Mike Wirth, Executive Vice President of Downstream and Chemicals, and Jeanette Ourada, General Manager of Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the third quarter of 2010. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements and I ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's third quarter earnings were $3.8 billion or $1.87 per diluted share. Our third quarter 2010 earnings were flat compared to third quarter 2009. Compared to the second quarter 2010 earnings fell 30%; Jeanette will discuss the sequential earnings variance shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was about 16%, total debt at the end of the quarter was $10.6 billion, and our debt ratio was 9.4%. Total cash at the end of the quarter was $14.5 billion and this was after a $550 million pension contribution. Third quarter was our strongest cash generation quarter since third quarter 2008.As you will see in the remainder of our presentation, our third quarter earnings were negatively impacted by several
Chevron Corp.	months. Upstream sales closed in the third quarter included U.S. producing properties, Canadian mid-stream business, and offshore producing properties in the Democratic Republic of Congo. In the downstream, sales of service stations under a program announced last year reached 1100 sites out of a targeted 1500. Most sold stations keep a ChevronTexaco brand so we are reducing invested capital, while maintaining our branded market share. And after regaining the right to the Texaco brand on July 1st we added over 800 new Texaco sites in the southeastern United States in the third quarter building our share in that part of the country.Our exploration program has had a number of recent successes. In the Gulf of Mexico we announced an oil discovery at the Jack prospect which tested the same trend as the earlier Saint Malo discovery. In Australia we discovered gas with the Wheatstone well located in shallow water in an area between North West Shelf fields and Barrow Island. In Nigeria Usan 5 was the fourth successful appraisal on OPL 222 and encountered oil in previously untested reservoirs. In the deep water area shared between Angola and Congo, high quality oil flowed from two reservoirs discovered with Lianzi-1 well
Chevron Corp.	26 percent. And our competitive performance on this measure has shown strong improvement over the last several years. And our analysis, based on publicly available data, indicates that we've led our peers in ROCE for the first nine months of 2004; and of course, we can't validate the year-end numbers until we get the competitive data in the next few weeks. Our balance sheet provides tremendous financial strength and flexibility. The debt-to-capital ratio ended the year at 20 percent, with net debt to capital down to 1 percent.We've also made great progress on portfolio high grading in 2004. Proceeds from asset sales were $600 million in the fourth quarter, and $3.7 billion for the full year. Our North American upstream sales program has been largely completed. In the fourth quarter, we determined that it was economically advantageous to contribute more funding to several of our U.S. and international pension plans, and we added a combined total of $400 million. This brought the full-year funding of all ChevronTexaco pension plans to $1.6 billion on top of the $1.4 billion contributed in 2003.With a strong balance sheet, and strong cash flow, we've taken action to return cash to our stockholders through both
Chevron Corp.	refer to the Safe Harbor statement on slide two.Slide three begins with an update on our strategic progress in upstream. I'll start with news from West Africa. In Nigeria, development of the Agbami field is one of ChevronTexaco's most important projects, expected to provide gross production of 250,000 barrels per day, with first oil in 2008. Recently, we entered into a $1.1 billion construction contract for floating production storage and off-loading vessel or FPSO at Agbami, a key milestone keeping the project on track. In the same region, we signed a production-sharing contract for Block 1 in the joint development zone, shared by Nigeria and Sao Tome e Principe. We have 51% equity and are the operator in this block and look forward to advancing exploration activity as soon as possible.In Angola, we reached a milestone with first condensate from the Sanha project. This is a large gas re-injection project in Block 0, which involves crude production from the Bomboco Oil Field, as well as condensate and LPG from Sanha. Altogether, gross liquids volume from the project is expected to peak at about 100,000 barrels per day. The next step will be the initiation of LPG production, which is expected
Chevron Corp.	Company. I've asked Gary to join me on the call this morning to give you an update on our recent Atlas acquisition and Gulf of Mexico activity.Chevron, and Gary specifically, have taken a leadership role in addressing the Administration's concerns regarding drilling in the Gulf of Mexico. Gary serves as Chair of the governing body leading the joint industry Task forces that have been working to improve prevention, intervention, and spill response capabilities with the goal of getting the industry back to work.Also on the call is Jeanette Ourada, General Manager of Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2011. We'll refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statements shown here on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first quarter earnings were $6.2 billion, or $3.09 per diluted share. Comparing the first quarter 2011 to the same quarter a year earlier, our earnings were up 36%. Upstream benefited from higher crude prices and downstream benefited from improved margins.Return on
Chevron Corp.	and webcast. On the call with me today are George Kirkland, Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President of Upstream and Gas; and Jeanette Ourada, General Manager, Investor Relations. Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2011. I'll refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's second quarter earnings were $7.7 billion or $3.85 per diluted share. Comparing the second quarter 2011 to the same quarter a year earlier, our earnings were up 43%. Upstream benefited from higher crude oil prices and Downstream benefited from improved margins. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was over 19%.Our debt ratio at the end of June was 9.1%. In the second quarter, we had share repurchases of $1 billion. Effective for the third quarter, and reflecting the strength in crude prices and of our current near-term outlook, we are increasing the upper end of our target range on share repurchases to $2 billion.
Chevron Corp.	is Jeanette Ourada, General Manager, Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website. Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. It was a strong quarter financially, among one of the best we have ever had. The company's first-quarter earnings were $6.5 billion or $3.27 per diluted share. Comparing the first-quarter 2012 to the same quarter a year earlier, our earnings were up 4%. Upstream benefited from higher crude prices while downstream improved on gains from asset sales. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 21%. Our debt ratio at the end of March was just under 7%. in the first quarter, we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares. In the second quarter, we expect to repurchase this same amount. Turning to slide 4, on Wednesday, Chevron's Board of Directors approved a $0.90 per share common stock quarterly dividend. This is an 11.1% increase in the quarterly rate.This is our 25th consecutive year of higher dividend payments. Also, 2012 is an important milestone
Chevron Corp.	George Kirkland, Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President of Upstream and Gas, and Jeanette Ourada, General Manager, Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. Financially it was a strong quarter. The Company's second-quarter earnings were $7.2 billion, or $3.66 per diluted share. Comparing the second quarter 2012 to the same quarter a year earlier, our earnings declined 7%.Upstream was down on lower crude prices and volumes, while Downstream benefited from improved margins and gains on asset sales. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was about 20%. Our debt ratio at the end of June was 7.3%. In the second quarter we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares. In the third quarter we expect to repurchase the same amount.Relative to our peers, as of June 30, we hold the number one ranking in total shareholder return for the three-year, five-year, and 10-year periods, and actually for every period in between. We believe this clearly demonstrates the
Chevron Corp.	all reflect two months of data only. That's two months out of the three. We're very pleased with the pace of integration and on track to delivering the synergies by middle of next year. On the hurricanes, we are the number one operator on the gulf of Mexico shelf and of course a big player in the deep water. And the hurricanes Katrina and Rita in particular hit us in the core of our operations. Katrina in the eastern gulf and Rita in the west. On average we had 90,000 barrels equivalent oil production shut in during the quarter. And we'll have more to say about the impacts of the hurricanes later in our presentation.And of course, the hurricane Katrina in particular also effected Pascagoula Refinery. We have only one big refinery in the Gulf of Mexico, Pascagoula with the capacity of 325,000 barrels a day. First of all it was shut down in July for a period of time because of hurricane Dennis which you may recall came into the gulf coast near the Pas -- the Mississippi, Florida border. And then of course when Katrina hit, it was damaged, not severely, though, and we were able to bring
Chevron Corp.	our website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.Turning to slide three, I'd like to provide a brief summary of our operational performance in 2009. We had a number of very significant accomplishments during the year. We again set a new record for safety and are among the best in the industry. We continued to operate with excellence and increased both production efficiency and refinery reliability. We grew production by 7% in 2009, reflecting the startup and ramp-up of major capital projects and strong performance in our base business. Project execution was, of course, key to these results. Projects that started up between 2007 and 2009 contributed over 450,000 barrels a day of net production in 2009. Our continued focus on cost management delivered very positive results, lowering our operating expenses by 15% compared with 2008.Finally, in the face of a global economic downturn, we maintained our strategic focus on the key drivers that will ensure growth and superior returns to our stockholders in the years ahead. This consistency, in my view, in our strategy is one of our great
Chevron Corp.	Jeanette Ourada, General Manager, Investor Relations, is on the call with me.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the first quarter of 2010. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first quarter earnings were $4.6 billion, or $2.27 per diluted share. Our first quarter 2010 earnings increased about 150% compared with the first quarter of 2009. Our Upstream business benefited from higher crude oil prices and higher production.Net oil equivalent production was up about 5% from a year ago, due mainly to the ramp-up of major capital projects. Downstream earnings were lower, reflecting the absence of 2009 gains on asset sales, as well as 2010 charges related to previously announced employee reductions.First quarter 2010 earnings rose 48% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009, which Jeanette will discuss shortly in more detail.Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was about 13%. The debt ratio dropped below 10% at the end of the
Chevron Corp.	President of Global Upstream and Gas; Jeanette Ourada, General Manager of Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2010. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement here on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The second-quarter earnings were $5.4 billion or $2.70 per diluted share. Our second-quarter 2010 earnings more than tripled compared with the year-ago quarter.Second quarter 2010 earnings increased 19% compared to the first quarter of 2010, which Jeanette will discuss shortly in more detail.Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was about 16%. The debt ratio was 9.5%, with cash balances exceeding debt balances by $2.7 billion at the end of the quarter.Jeanette will take us now through the quarterly comparisons. Jeanette?JEANETTE OURADA, GENERAL MANAGER IR, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thanks, Pat. Turning to slide four, I will compare results of the second quarter 2010 with the first quarter of 2010. As a reminder, our earnings release compares second quarter 2010 with the same quarter
Chevron Corp.	fourth quarter earnings conference call and webcast. On the call with me today are Pat Yarrington, our CFO; and Jeanette Ourada, General Manager of Investor Relations. Our focus today is on our financial and operating results for the fourth quarter of 2010, and we'll refer to the slides that are available on our website.Of course, before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements, and we ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.I'd like to share some of our strategic accomplishments for 2010, which are located on slide three. I'll begin with our safety performance. This past year, we achieved our safest year ever -- again, I might add, our safest year ever -- with both our Upstream and Downstream operations setting new records. We're very proud of our world-class safety performance, and it will continue to underpin everything we do.In the Upstream, our achievements were many. We exceeded our production growth guidance, delivering 2% growth for the year. We've progressed a number of key projects. We sanctioned three deepwater projects in the Gulf of Mexico, along with Papa-Terra project in Brazil. We also sanctioned the expansion of the
Chevron Corp.	Relations. We will, of course, refer to slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started please be reminded that the presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the usual cautionary statement that we have on slide two.Turning to slide three I want to begin where we always do, with safety. We continued to achieve world-class low industrial injury and illness rates. We had our lowest-ever days away from work rate and once the data is finalized we expect to again lead the industry for the second consecutive year on this measure.We are also focused on process safety with many successes. Last year we had our fewest number of spills ever, which translated to record low spill volume. We believe this, too, will be the best in the industry.Having said this, it was not a perfect year. We do believe that zero incidents is attainable. We are not there yet, but we are striving to learn and improve to get to incident-free operations.Our financial performance in 2012 was quite strong. We expect when all the 2012 results are in to again post the highest Upstream earnings per barrel by a significant margin and
Chevron Corp.	Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first-quarter earnings were $6.2 billion, or $3.18 per diluted share. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 18%. Our debt ratio at the end of March was approximately 9%. In the first quarter, we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares. In the second quarter, we expect to repurchase the same amount.Turning to slide 4, this week, Chevron's Board of Directors declared a $1 per share quarterly common stock dividend payable in mid-June. This is an 11% increase and reflects the performance and strength of our current portfolio and our confidence in our compelling growth prospects. Since 2004, our dividend has grown at a compound annual rate of 11%, a growth rate that is well in excess of the S&P 500 and better than our peers. You can see this on the left chart. This pattern demonstrates the priority we place on rewarding our investors through
Chevron Corp.	this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.I will begin with slide three, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's second-quarter earnings were a record $6 billion or $2.90 per diluted share. Our second-quarter 2008 results were up 11% from the second-quarter 2007. Higher crude oil prices benefited our upstream performance, but had a negative impact on our downstream business. The second quarter of last year included a $500 million net gain on the sale of an investment and redemption of debt. Second-quarter 2008 earnings rose over 15% compared with the first quarter of 2008, which Jim will discuss shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 23%. The debt ratio was below 8% at the end of June. Capital and exploratory spending was $5.2 billion for the quarter. In addition to the $2 billion of stock buybacks, we increased the second quarter dividend 12%.Jim will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Jim?JIM ALEVERAS, GENERAL MANAGER, IR, CHEVRON: Thanks, Steve. My remarks compare results of the second-quarter 2008 with the first-quarter 2008. As a reminder, our earnings release compared second-quarter 2008 with
Chevron Corp.	second quarter of last year included a $500 million net gain on the sale of an investment and redemption of debt. Second-quarter 2008 earnings rose over 15% compared with the first quarter of 2008, which Jim will discuss shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 23%. The debt ratio was below 8% at the end of June. Capital and exploratory spending was $5.2 billion for the quarter. In addition to the $2 billion of stock buybacks, we increased the second quarter dividend 12%.Jim will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Jim?JIM ALEVERAS, GENERAL MANAGER, IR, CHEVRON: Thanks, Steve. My remarks compare results of the second-quarter 2008 with the first-quarter 2008. As a reminder, our earnings release compared second-quarter 2008 with the same quarter a year ago.Turning to slide four, second-quarter net income was $800 million higher than the first quarter. Starting with the left side of the chart, higher crude oil and natural gas realizations benefited the Company's worldwide upstream results. At the same time, the significant increase in crude oil prices adversely affected the downstream segment. The variance in the residual other bar primarily reflects higher charges at the corporate level for environmental remediation and
Chevron Corp.	and Gas, and Jim Aleveras, General Manager, Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2009, and we will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on the slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's second-quarter earnings were $1.7 billion, or $0.87 per diluted share. Our second-quarter 2009 earnings were down 71% from the second quarter 2008. Second-quarter 2009 earnings fell 5% compared to the first quarter of 2009, which Jim will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 17%. The debt ratio was 12% at the end of the quarter.While debt balances were relatively flat during the second quarter, cash balances ended the period approximately $2 billion lower than the prior quarter. The cash change reflects working capital effects unique to the second quarter. For example, nearly half of the cash consumption in the second quarter pertains to a full-year 2008 foreign tax obligation that was accrued last year, but was paid in May
Chevron Corp.	third quarter of 2009, and we will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.But before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. So please review the cautionary statement on slide two.Turning to slide three, which provides an overview of our financial performance, let me cover a few points. The Company's third-quarter earnings were $3.8 billion or $1.92 per diluted share. Our third-quarter 2009 earnings were down 51% for the third-quarter 2008. Third-quarter earnings were 120% higher than second-quarter 2009, and Pat will be discussing this shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 12.6%, and the debt ratio was 10.4% at the end of the quarter. Our net cash flow position this quarter was positive by nearly $2 billion after funding our capital program, dividend commitments and $700 million in pension contributions. This positive cash generation was underpinned by higher crude oil prices and strong cash margins from our major capital projects.I would like to give a brief recap of our strategic progress in recent months, so please turn to slide four. Our industry-leading exploration program has continued its success with recent discoveries in Angola and
Chevron Corp.	Wirth, Executive Vice President of Downstream and Chemicals; and Jeannette Ourada, General Manager, Investor Relations.Our focus today is on Chevron's financial and operating results for the third quarter of 2011. We'll refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on slide two.Slide three provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's third quarter earnings were $7.8 billion or $3.92 per diluted share. Earnings in the third quarter 2011 were more than twice that of third quarter 2010. Upstream benefited from higher crude oil prices and Downstream benefited from gains on asset sales and improved margins.Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months exceeded 22%. Our debt ratio at the end of September was 7.5%. This is lower than previous quarters due to the early and economic redemption of a $1.5 billion Chevron Corporation bond.In the third quarter we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares. In the fourth quarter we expect to repurchase the same amount.Of particular note, we announced Wednesday that Chevron's Board of Directors approved a $0.03 per share, or
Chevron Corp.	we will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, as usual, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide 2.Turn to slide 3, I want to begin with safety, where we always do. In March of last year I talked with you at some length about Chevron's Safety Journey, over 100 years of focus and improvements in our systems and processes. I said we work to improve every day. As a result of our efforts, every key measure of safety and environmental performance has improved dramatically over the last decade.In fact, we just had another very good statistical year in safety. We had world-class low industrial injury rates; we had fewer fires, serious auto, and other incidents. Some very good performance during the year. But we're nowhere near where we want to be. In particular, we had drilling-related incidents in recent months in Brazil and Nigeria, sadly with two contract employee fatalities in Nigeria.We have full investigations underway and are doing everything we can to learn from these incidents. There's a great deal of information available on our website
Chevron Corp.	Manager, Investor Relations. We will refer to the slides that are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement shown on slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. Financially, it was another solid quarter. The Company's third-quarter earnings were $5.3 billion, or $2.69 per diluted share. Current quarter earnings are down about 30% compared to both second quarter 2012 and to third quarter 2011. It is important to note that both comparative periods, second quarter this year and third quarter last year, are among the strongest quarters we have ever had.It is also important to note, as you will see in the remainder of the presentation, that a number of items negatively affect our third-quarter comparisons, including swings in foreign exchange and timing effects in the downstream, as well as timing of asset sale gains and other transactions.Year-to-date, earnings are down about 13% versus 2011, which was a record earnings year. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 17.4% and our debt ratio at the end of September was 8.5%. In the third quarter,
Chevron Corp.	contains estimates, projections and other forward-looking statements. I ask you to review the cautionary statement on this slide.I'll begin with slide 3, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's fourth quarter earnings were $4.9 billion, or $2.32 per diluted share. Full-year results of $18.7 billion mark the fourth consecutive year of record earnings. Our fourth-quarter earnings were 29% higher than the fourth quarter of 2006, reflecting higher crude prices, which more than offset weaker downstream results. Fourth-quarter earnings rose 31% compared to the third quarter of 2007, which Steve will discuss in detail shortly. Return on capital employed for the year was 23%, and our debt ratio at year-end was 8.6%. Stock buybacks during the quarter were $2 billion, and $7 billion for the year in total. Total shareholder return for the year was over 30%.Turning to slide 4, our total capital spending for 2007 was $20 billion. Upstream spending accounted for 15.5 billion, or 78% of the total. Our cash C&E, which excludes our share of -- equity share of affiliate outlets, totaled 17.7 billion for the year. Our announced capital program for 2008 of 22.9 billion represents an increase of 2.9 billion over 2007 expenditures.
Chevron Corp.	earnings rose 31% compared to the third quarter of 2007, which Steve will discuss in detail shortly. Return on capital employed for the year was 23%, and our debt ratio at year-end was 8.6%. Stock buybacks during the quarter were $2 billion, and $7 billion for the year in total. Total shareholder return for the year was over 30%.Turning to slide 4, our total capital spending for 2007 was $20 billion. Upstream spending accounted for 15.5 billion, or 78% of the total. Our cash C&E, which excludes our share of -- equity share of affiliate outlets, totaled 17.7 billion for the year. Our announced capital program for 2008 of 22.9 billion represents an increase of 2.9 billion over 2007 expenditures. About $2 billion of the increase is earmarked for upstream, reflecting the capital-intensive phase of some of our long-term growth projects. The change in downstream spending is due to a number of investments to upgrade our refining network.Steve will now take us through the quarterly comparisons.STEVE CROWE, VP AND CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thanks, Dave. My remarks compare results of the fourth quarter 2007 to the third quarter. As a reminder, our earnings release compared fourth quarter 2007 to the same
Chevron Corp.	of last year included a $700 million gain on the sale of our interest in a refinery in the Netherlands.First-quarter 2008 earnings rose 6% compared to the fourth-quarter 2007, which Jim will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 23%. The debt ratio was about 8% at the end of the quarter. As we announced Wednesday, we increased our quarterly dividend by $0.07 per share or 12.1%. This marks the fourth consecutive year we have raised the second-quarter dividend by a double-digit amount. Stock buybacks were $2 billion in the quarter.Jim will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Jim?JIM ALEVERAS, GENERAL MANAGER, IR, CHEVRON: Thanks, Steve. My remarks compare results of the first-quarter 2008 with the fourth-quarter 2007. As a reminder, our earnings release compares the first-quarter 2008 with the same quarter a year ago.Turning to slide four, first-quarter net income was almost $300 million higher than the fourth quarter. Starting with the left side of the chart, higher crude oil and natural gas realizations benefited the Company's worldwide upstream results. Partly offsetting this was the impact of lower upstream volumes. The largest component here was international liftings. Liftings were lower than production in
Chevron Corp.	that you review the cautionary statement on slide two.I will begin with slide three, which provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's first-quarter earnings were $5.2 billion or $2.48 per diluted share. Our first-quarter 2008 earnings were up nearly 10% from the first-quarter 2007, reflecting higher crude oil and natural gas prices, which more than offset weaker downstream results. The first quarter of last year included a $700 million gain on the sale of our interest in a refinery in the Netherlands.First-quarter 2008 earnings rose 6% compared to the fourth-quarter 2007, which Jim will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 23%. The debt ratio was about 8% at the end of the quarter. As we announced Wednesday, we increased our quarterly dividend by $0.07 per share or 12.1%. This marks the fourth consecutive year we have raised the second-quarter dividend by a double-digit amount. Stock buybacks were $2 billion in the quarter.Jim will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Jim?JIM ALEVERAS, GENERAL MANAGER, IR, CHEVRON: Thanks, Steve. My remarks compare results of the first-quarter 2008 with the fourth-quarter 2007. As a reminder, our earnings release compares the first-quarter 2008 with the
Chevron Corp.	are available on Chevron's website.Before we get started, please be reminded that this presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements. We ask that you review the cautionary statement on slide 2.Slide 3 provides an overview of our financial performance. The Company's third-quarter earnings were $5 billion, or $2.57 per diluted share.Return on capital employed for the trailing 12 months was 15%. Our debt ratio at the end of September was 11%.In the third quarter we repurchased $1.25 billion of our shares. In the fourth quarter, we expect to repurchase the same amount.Though not shown on this slide, I would like to call attention to our track record on shareholder returns. We are in first place on total shareholder return for the 3 year, 5 year, and 10 year periods, compared to our peer group of global integrated energy companies.Turning to slide 4, cash generated from operations was $10 billion during the third quarter, and approximately $25 billion year to date. The third quarter was the strongest cash generation quarter this year. Adverse working capital effects noted earlier in the year continued to abate.Importantly, third quarter also saw stronger operating performance in both our Upstream and Downstream businesses. Capital and
Chevron Corp.	to the fourth quarter 2005, reflecting a sharp decline in the price of natural gas in the U.S., which more than offset the benefits from improved operating performance.Fourth quarter results declined by about 25% versus the third quarter of 2006, which Steve will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed for the year was a strong 23%. The debt ratio was 13% at year-end, with net debt a negative $1.6 billion.Stock buybacks were $1.3 billion in the fourth quarter, and $5 billion for the year. The $5 billion buyback program initiated in late 2005 concluded within 12 months. In December we announced that the Board of Directors had authorized another similarly sized follow-up repurchase program of up to $5 billion over three years. Our total shareholder return for the year was nearly 34%.Turning to slide 4. Our total capital spending for 2006 was $16.6 billion. Upstream spending accounted for $12.8 billion, or 77% of the total. Our cash C&E, which excludes our equity share of affiliate capital outlays, totaled $14.7 billion for the year.Our announced capital program for 2007 of $19.6 billion represents an increase of $3 billion over 2006. About $2 billion of the increase is earmarked for offstream activities.
Chevron Corp.	from the first quarter a year ago, reflecting a $700 million after-tax gain on the sale of our interest in the Nerefco refinery in the Netherlands and higher margins on refined products worldwide. These benefits were partially offset by the effect of lower prices for crude oil and natural gas on upstream profits. First-quarter results were 25% higher than the fourth quarter of 2006, which Irene will discuss shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing four quarters was 23%. And the debt ratio was about 12% at quarter end. Earlier this week, we announced an 11.5% dividend increase, raising our quarterly dividend to $0.58 per share. 2007 marks the 20th consecutive year that the Company has increased its annual dividend payout. Share repurchases totaled $1.25 billion, the same quarterly pace as in 2006.Slide 4 highlights some of the milestones we achieved in recent months. Starting with upstream, last month we announced the startup of our Bibiyana natural gas field in Bangladesh. The field is initially expected to produce 200 million cubic feet of natural gas per day, rising to 500 million cubic feet per day by 2010. Exploration success continues with the announcement of two deepwater oil accumulations in the
Chevron Corp.	offset by costs of $160 million from retiring uneconomic debt. Second, the absence of hurricane-related charges for uninsured costs incurred in the second quarter of 2006. And thirdly, higher margins for refined products.Second-quarter results were 14% higher than the first quarter, which Steve will discuss shortly. Return on capital employed for the trailing four quarters was 24% and the debt ratio was about 10% at quarter end. Share repurchases totaled $1.75 billion, reflecting a higher buyback pace, which Steve foreshadowed at last quarter's conference call. We now expect to complete the current buyback program in the third quarter. Steve will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Steve?STEVE CROWE, VP AND CFO, CHEVRON CORPORATION: Thanks, Dave. My remarks compare second-quarter results to those of the first quarter 2007. As a reminder, our earnings release compares second quarter 2007 to the same quarter a year ago.Turning to slide 4, second-quarter net income was $665 million higher than the first quarter's result, driven by stronger commodity prices in the upstream and higher realized margins in the downstream, particularly in refining. An increase in environmental remediation charges and a charge for the early redemption of Texaco capital bonds contributed negatively to the quarter's
Chevron Corp.	about $400 million or approximately $0.19 per share of net charges associated with non-recurring items. The main driver for the earnings change was a decline of over $1 billion in downstream profits. Escalating costs for crude oil feedstocks could not be fully recovered in the market. This impact was global, but it was especially significant on the US West Coast. Overall third-quarter results were $1.7 billion lower than our record second quarter 2007, which Jim will discuss shortly.Return on capital employed for the trailing four quarters was 22%. During the quarter we retired about $2 billion of debt, reducing the debt ratio to about 7.5% at quarter end. Third-quarter share repurchases totaled $2 billion, reflecting an accelerated buyback pace. As we projected in last quarter's conference call, we completed the December 2006 buyback program during the third quarter. In September we announced and initiated a new repurchase program of up to $15 billion over a period of up to three years.Jim will now take us through the quarterly comparisons. Jim?JIM ALEVERAS, GENERAL MANAGER, IR, CHEVRON: Thanks, Steve. My remarks compare third-quarter results to those of the second quarter 2007. As a reminder, our earnings press release compared third-quarter 2007 with
NTT DoCoMo	-- of this session will be provided on demand through DOCOMO's website.For today, we will like to have a presentation from Mr. Yamada, President and CEO. The presentation consists of two parts. First, he will be reporting the results for the first of fiscal 2008. And then he will continue with another presentation, which is entitled DOCOMO's Change and Challenge to Achieve New Growth.We would aim to finish the session at 6.30pm and there's also a Q&A session provided after the presentation. Please be advised that there are risk factors pertaining to our business and for details please refer to Form 20-F filed with the US SEC.I would now like to introduce the presenters for this evening. We have Mr. Yamada, President and CEO, Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Vice President -- Executive Vice President, Mr. Bunya Kumagai responsible for the Consumer business, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi. And you also have Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kaoru Kato.Let me confirm these documents to be used for today. We have the earning release. You also have two sets of
NTT DoCoMo	Kumagai responsible for Consumer Marketing; Kazuto Tsubouchi, Managing Director of the Accounts & Finance Department and CFO; Kaoru Kato, Managing Director of Corporate Planning -- Strategy & Planning Department.Now let me go through today's presentation documents. First, we have three sets of documents. First is the earnings release, the second is the presentation slides, and number three is a press release, which is entitled DoCoMo to Terminate Mova and DoPa 2G Services. Please confirm that you have the full three sets of documents.For today's meeting, first, we would like to have a presentation from our President & CEO, Mr. Yamada, followed by a Q&A session. We are planning to end this session at six o'clock sharp.Please also be aware that there will be forward-looking statements included in the presentation, as well as those statements made during the Q&A. Please refer to this slide, or also to a Form 20-F filed with the SEC for the details relating to the business risks.RYUJI YAMADA, PRESIDENT & CEO, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon to you all. I am Yamada. Thank you very much for coming to this meeting despite the very bad weather and the cold temperature. Today, I would like to explain to
NTT DoCoMo	Kiyoyuki Tsujimura; Senior Executive Vice President, Masatoshi Suzuki; Executive Vice President Consumer Marketing, Bunya Kumagai; Executive Vice President and CFO, Kazuto Tsubouchi; and Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kaoru Kato.We have four sets of documents for today's meeting. One, the earning release, number two the presentation slides, number three, the press release, which is entitled DoCoMo announces new customer satisfaction and CSR initiatives, and number four, the revised -- the pamphlet for the revision to the DoCoMo packet holder double package and other discount services.For today's meeting, Mr. Yamada will make a presentation, followed by a Q&A session. We will aim to finish this session by 6 o'clock.Please look at the forward-looking statement slide for the risk relating to our business and also form 20-F as filed with SEC of the United States.Now without further ado, I would like to hand over the microphone to Mr. Yamada.RYUJI YAMADA, PRESIDENT AND CEO, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon. I am Yamada and thank you very much for gathering for this meeting. I would like to announce the financial results for the fiscal year ended March 2009 and the prospects for the fiscal year, ending March
NTT DoCoMo	of all, the President and CEO, Mr. Kaoru Kato; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Tsubouchi; also Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki; Executive Vice President responsible for Consumer Sales, Mr. Takashi Tanaka; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning department, Mr. Yoshizawa; and finally, Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Accounts and Finance department, Mr. Sato.We are using three sets of documents for today's meeting. One is the earning release. Secondly, we also have the presentation slides. And finally, we have a press release entitled &quot;NTT DOCOMO to Begin Prelaunch Operation of 150 megabits per second LTE Service.&quot; Please confirm that you have all three sets of documents.For today's meeting, we would like to start with a presentation by Mr. Kato, President and CEO, announcing the results using the presentation document. After that, we would like to entertain your questions. We plan to finish this meeting at six o'clock.Please also be advised that the presentation and also the Q&A session may include forward-looking statements, and for the potential risks please look at the final slide of the presentation.Now, without further ado, I would like to invite Mr. Kato to begin the presentation.KAORU KATO, PRESIDENT
NTT DoCoMo	Hirata will spend the first 15 minutes making a presentation on the results of the first quarter. After that we would like to move onto the Q&A session and we will try to finish this meeting at around 6 o'clock today.And also be advised that the risk factors of our business are contained in this slide and also on Form 20F filed with the SEC.Now Mr. Hirata please.MASAYUKI HIRATA, NTT DOCOMO, SENIOR EXECUTIVE AND VP: [translated]. I am Hirata. Thank you very much for your time today. I would like to explain the highlights of our financial results for the first quarter of this fiscal year. I would like to first apologize that I don't wear a tie today. Actually I am the head of the environmental activities within the company so I am in a position to advocate the Coolbiz campaign so I don't wear ties in summer. So please accept my appearance.Well first I would like to announce the results for the first quarter, this is self-explanatory. Operating revenues reached 1,218.6 billion yen posting an increase of 2.7% on a year on year basis. Operator income on the other hand, which is just two columns below, was 272.7
NTT DoCoMo	from NTT DoCoMo. First, we have Mr. Ryuji Yamada, President and CEO. Also Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President. Next, Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Executive Vice President and Executive Vice President responsible for Consumer Marketing Mr. Bunya Kumagai. We also have Executive Vice President and CFO Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi. And we have Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Planning and Strategy Department Mr. Kaoru Kato.For today's meeting, we will be using two documents. One is the earning release and the other the presentation slides. These two documents are prepared for this meeting. Please confirm that you have both.First, we would like to have a presentation from Mr. Yamada, after which we would like to entertain your questions. We would like to finish this meeting around 19.30 p.m. And regarding the forward-looking statements, please look at page one for the potential risks and also Form 20-F filed with the US SEC.RYUJI YAMADA, PRESIDENT AND CEO, NTT DOCOMO: Good evening to you all. My name is Yamada from NTT DoCoMo and thank you very much for your continued patronage to our Company. I would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation. We also thank you for attending
NTT DoCoMo	have the Executive Vice President for Accounts and Finance Department and CFO Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi. We also have Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department Mr. Kaoru Kato. And finally, we also have the Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Network Mr. Fumio Iwasaki.For today's meeting, we would like to use four sets of documents; the earnings release, and three sets of presentations, one entitled Great Eastern Japan Earthquake Damage and Restoration Status, New Disaster Preparedness Measures, and the Results for the Fiscal Year Ended March 2011 and the Principal Action Plan for the Fiscal Year Ending March 2012.First we will have a presentation from Mr. Yamada, President and CEO, followed by a Q&A session. We would like to finish this meeting at 6.00 but because we are going to have three presentations for this meeting, so we may have to anticipate some extension, please bear with us until the end.Now there are forward-looking statements included in the presentation as well as a Q&A session. For those potential risks, please see the presentation and Form 20-F filed with the SEC. Now without further ado, I would like to call on Mr. Yamada.RYUJI YAMADA, PRESIDENT
NTT DoCoMo	Corporate Planning and Strategy department, Mr. Kaoru&Acirc;&nbsp;Kato; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Network division, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki; and also Executive Vice -- excuse me, Senior Vice President responsible for Consumer Marketing, Mr. Takashi Tanaka.For today's meeting we'll be using two sets of documents, one is the earnings release and the other one is the presentation slide for the fiscal year ended March 2012. For today we will begin with the presentation by Mr. Yamada followed by a Q&A session. We intend to finish this meeting at 6 o'clock sharp. Please also be advised that statements made during this presentation may contain forward-looking statements for potential risks. Please look at the slides and also from 20-F filed with the US SEC.Now, without further ado, we would like to move on to the presentation. Mr. Yamada, please.RYUJI YAMADA, PRESIDENT AND CEO, NTT DOCOMO INC.: I am Yamada of NTT DOCOMO; I would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation to your continued patronage to the Company. Thank you also for attending this meeting despite your busy schedule and the bad weather. Now, without further ado, I would like to start the presentation, announcing the results for the fiscal
NTT DoCoMo	Good afternoon, I am Kato.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: We also have Senior Executive Vice President and CFO, Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki.FUMIO IWASAKI, SENIOR EVP, NTT DOCOMO INC: Good afternoon, I am Iwasaki.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: We also have Executive Vice President responsible for consumer marketing Mr. Takashi Tanaka. We also have Executive Vice President, Managing Director of Corporate Planning and Strategy Department, Mr. Kazuhiro Yoshizawa. And also we have Managing Director of the Accounts and Finance Department, Mr. Hirotaka Sato.HIROTAKA SATO, MD ACCOUNTS AND FINANCE, NTT DOCOMO INC: Good afternoon to you. I am Sato.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: For today's meeting we'll be using two sets of documents, which I think are already at your hand. We have the earning release and also the presentation slides for the results of the first quarter.At the outset, we will like to ask Mr. Kaoru Kato to deliver a presentation regarding the results for the first quarter, followed by a Q&A session. And we will aim to finish this meeting in about one hour at 6 o'clock.Please also be advised that regarding the risks containing forward-looking statements, please look at page one of the presentation slide.Now without further ado, I will like to
NTT DoCoMo	We also have Senior Executive Vice President Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura. We also have Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Executive Vice President; Executive Vice President for Consumer Marketing Mr. Bunya Kumagai; Executive Vice President and CFO Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi; and Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department Mr. Kaoru Kato.For today's meeting we will be using two sets of documents. One is the earning release and the other is the presentation slides. Please confirm that you have both of these documents. First of all, we would like to start this meeting with a presentation from Mr. Yamada, President and CEO which will be followed by a Q&A session. We would like to end this meeting by 6 o'clock sharp. And please be advised that this meeting including the Q&A session may contain forward-looking statements. And for the risks pertaining to the forward-looking statements please take a look at page number one and also Form 20F filed with the US SEC.Now Mr. Yamada, please.RYUJI YAMADA, PRESIDENT & CEO, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon to you. I am Yamada of NTT DoCoMo. Thank you very much for attending this meeting despite the bad weather and your busy schedule. We thank
NTT DoCoMo	Strategy and Planning Department.&nbsp;Let me confirm today's documents. We have six sets of documents. First we have the earnings release and three sets of presentations. One is the first quarter results of fiscal 2010. We have another set of documents called Our Aspirations Ahead. And another one entitled Launch LTE Service with a New Brand. We have two sets of press releases; one entitled DoCoMo announces new corporate vision, and another NTT DoCoMo announces Xi LTE Service Brand.For today we would like to start the meeting with a presentation from Mr. Yamada, President and CEO followed by a Q&A session. We would like to finish the meeting at 7 o'clock. Please also be advised that there might be risk factors contained in the presentation as well as the answers in the Q&A session. For details please take a look at Form 20-F filed with the SEC or the slide contained in the presentation.RYUJI YAMADA, PRESIDENT & CEO, NTT DOCOMO: My name is Yamada. And I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of you for your continued support to the Company. And I'm very sorry we are convening this meeting from late hours of 6 o'clock and thank
NTT DoCoMo	Kaoru Kato, President and CEO; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi; Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki; Executive Vice President responsible for Consumer Sales, Mr. Takashi Tanaka; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Yoshizawa; and Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Accounts and Finance Department, Mr. Sato.We'll be using three set of documents for this meeting. One is the earnings release. The other one is the presentation slides for the financial results. And the other one is the press release entitled NTT Docomo to launch a public tender offer for MAGASeek.For today's meeting we will start off with a presentation by Mr. Kato, announcing the results for the first nine months. Then we would like to move on to the Q&A session and we will try to finish the meeting by six o'clock. Also there might be potential risks pertaining to the forward-looking statements. For more details please look at the last slide of the presentation.Now, without further ado I would like to call Mr. Kaoru Kato to deliver his presentation.KAORU KATO, PRESIDENT & CEO, NTT DOCOMO INC.: Good afternoon to you. I am Kato of NTT Docomo. Thank you
NTT DoCoMo	Yoshizawa; and finally, Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Finance and Accounts Division, Mr. Hirotaka Sato.We are using seven sets of documents for this meeting. One is the earning release, the other one is the presentation slides for the financial results, and a notice concerning difference in individual financial results compared to actual figures for the previous fiscal year results. And we are distributing four different sets of press releases. One concerning a notice of stock split adoption of unit share system and partial amendments to the Articles of Incorporation, another press release entitled DOCOMO Agrees to Invest in Nihon Ultmarc, Inc. and DOCOMO to Establish New Business Units and one entitled DOCOMO to Provide DOCOMO Service Pack.For today's meeting, we would like to start with the presentation on the results by Mr. Kato, the President and CEO, followed by a Q&A session. And we would like to finish this meeting around 6 o'clock Japan Standard Time.And please be advised that the comments made in this presentation may contain forward-looking statements, and please refer to the last slide for the details concerning risks of the forward-looking statements. Now without further ado, I would like to ask Mr. Kato to
NTT DoCoMo	DOCOMO: Good afternoon to you all.HIRO OKADO: We also have Mr. Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President.KIYOYUKI TSUJIMURA, SENIOR EVP, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon.HIRO OKADO: Senior Executive Vice President, Masatoshi Suzuki; Executive Vice President responsible for consumer sales, Mr. Bunya Kumagai; Managing Director for Accounts and Finance Department and CFO, Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi, and finally Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kato.As for the documents to be used for today's session, we have two sets of documents, one is the Kessan Tanshin earning release and the other is the slide, the presentation slide. Please confirm that you have two sets of documents.As for today's meeting, you will immediately have a presentation from Mr. Yamada followed by a Q&A session. We intend to finish this meeting at 6 o'clock sharp.Please be advised that this session may contain forward-looking statements also in the Q&A session and for the risk factors please see the slide and also Form 20F filed with the SCC of the United States.Now Mr. Yamada please begin your presentation.YAMADA RYUJI: Good afternoon to you and thank you very much for coming to this meeting despite your busy schedule and the very hot weather. Now, I will like
NTT DoCoMo	for the documents to be used for today's session, we have two sets of documents, one is the Kessan Tanshin earning release and the other is the slide, the presentation slide. Please confirm that you have two sets of documents.As for today's meeting, you will immediately have a presentation from Mr. Yamada followed by a Q&A session. We intend to finish this meeting at 6 o'clock sharp.Please be advised that this session may contain forward-looking statements also in the Q&A session and for the risk factors please see the slide and also Form 20F filed with the SCC of the United States.Now Mr. Yamada please begin your presentation.YAMADA RYUJI: Good afternoon to you and thank you very much for coming to this meeting despite your busy schedule and the very hot weather. Now, I will like to start the presentation regarding the financial results for the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March '09.We will like to start immediately from page three of the presentation. As you can see from this table these are the results of the first quarter. Operating revenues decreased 1.1% year-on-year to JPY1,170.2 billion. So it declined by JPY12.6 billion year-on-year.Operating income increased 45.4% year-on-year
NTT DoCoMo	introduce today's participants from NTT DoCoMo. We have Mr. Ryuji Yamada, President & CEO; Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President. Good afternoon. Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Executive Vice President; Mr. Bunya Kumagai, Executive Vice President responsible for Consumer Marketing; Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi, Executive Vice President for Finance and Accounts Department and CFO and Executive Vice President for Corporate Strategy and Marketing -- Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kaoru Kato.We have three sets of documents for today's meeting. One, the earnings release, the second, the presentation material and thirdly, we also have a pack -- a press release entitled 'DoCoMo to lower basic monthly charges for Flat-Rate Data Plans'. Please confirm that you have all three sets of the documents.For today's meeting we would now like to start the presentation by Mr. Yamada, followed by a Q&A session. We will aim to finish this meeting by 6 p.m.Please also refer to the slide with respect to the risk factors relating to the forward looking statements and also the forward looking statements included in Form 20F filed with the US SEC.Now Mr. Yamada, please.RYUJI YAMADA, PRESIDENT & CEO, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon. I am Yamada. Thank you very much for coming
NTT DoCoMo	Ryuji Yamada, President and CEO. We have Mr. Kiyoyuki Tsujimura, Senior Executive Vice President. We also have Mr. Masatoshi Suzuki, Senior Executive Vice President. Mr. Bunya Kumagai; Executive Vice President for Consumer Marketing. Kazuto Tsubouchi, Executive Vice President and CFO. Mr. Kaoru Kato, Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department.For today's meeting we have prepared two sets of documents, the earning release and the presentation slides. Please confirm that you have the full set of documents. For this meeting at the outset we would like to have a presentation by Mr. Yamada and then we will like to move on to the Q&A session. We plan to finish the entire meeting by 6 o'clock p.m.For the potential risks relating to our business please refer to the slide and also Form 20F filed with the US SEC. And without further ado we would like to have Mr. Yamada start the presentation.RYUJI YAMADA, PRESIDENT & CEO, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon, I am Yamada of NTT DoCoMo. Thank you very much for coming to this meeting despite the late hours and your busy schedule. We would like to appreciate and express our appreciation for your continuous support. Now
NTT DoCoMo	President and CFO, Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kaoru Kato; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Network division, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki; and, finally, we have Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President and Consumer -- responsible for Consumer Marketing, Mr. Takashi Tanaka.We will be using five sets of documents for this meeting. We have the earning release and two sets of presentation, one entitled -- one for the presentation -- one for the financial results for the first three quarters and the other one entitled Response to the Series of Network Malfunctions. And we have two pieces of press release, one NTT DoCoMo to offer a discount campaign for LTE and the other one entitled DoCoMo to offer discounts to customers using Xi for second device.Now, for today's meeting we will first begin with a presentation by Mr. Yamada, followed by a Q&A session. We will aim to finish this meeting at 7 o'clock sharp. Please also be advised that this meeting, including the Q&A session, may contain forward-looking statements. For potential risks please take a look at Form 20-F filed with the SEC, or this presentation document.RYUJI YAMADA,
NTT DoCoMo	Tsubouchi; Senior Executive Vice President, Fumio Iwasaki; Executive Vice President, responsible for consumer marketing, Mr. Takashi Tanaka; Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Planning and Strategy Department, Mr. Kazuhiro Yoshizawa; Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Finance and Accounts Department, Mr. Hirotaka Sato.For today's meeting we will be using three sets of documents which are distributed to you, the earning release, the presentation slides, as well as the press release. Please confirm that you have the full set of documents.For today's meeting we would like to start with a presentation from Mr. Kaoru Kato based on the presentation slides, which comprises three parts; first, the financial results; number two, DOCOMO's competition strategy; and number three, future business management. After the presentation we would like to entertain your questions. And we would like to finish the meeting by 6 o'clock. Please also be advised that the comments made during this meeting during the -- also including the Q&A session, may contain forward-looking statements, and please refer to the slide or the Form 20-F filed with the SEC regarding potential risks. Now, without further ado, I would like to have Mr. Kato, please, start the presentation.KAORU KATO, PRESIDENT AND
NTT DoCoMo	the presentation document which is the slide projected here, and the third document is the press release entitled 'The Spring Campaign for 2008' which is available only in Japanese.For today's meeting, at the outset we would like to have Mr. Hirata make a presentation and then we will move on to the Q&A session. We would like to finish this meeting slightly after 6 o'clock.For the business risks relating to forward-looking statements please see the slide and also Form 20-F filed with the SEC of the United States.Now without further ado, we would like to start the presentation. Mr. Hirata, please.MASAYUKI HIRATA, SEVP AND CFO, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon to you. My voice may sound weird than usual. But because of the [against] wind I am suffering from this sore throat. As you can see from the numbers today, we may have to strive even further. Please bear with me with this difficult-to-hear voice and I'm very sorry for that.Now, in accordance with the presentation document, I would like to announce the results for the first three quarters and then receive your questions afterwards.On page three, we have summarized the financial results highlights. In the third quarter of the fiscal
NTT DoCoMo	Mr. Masao Nakamura, the President and CEO. We also have Mr. Utano, Managing Director of Research & Development division; Mr. Tsujimura, Product & Services division Managing Director; Mr. Futatsugi, Managing Director of Network division; Mr. Kumagai, Managing Director of Marketing division; and Mr. Ito, Managing Director of Corporate Strategy & Planning department; and Mr. Tsubouchi, Managing Director of Accounts & Finance department.We have three sets of documents for this meeting. One is the earning release [Tanshin] document, the other is the presentation slides. We also have four sets of press releases. One relates to the merge with regional subsidiaries, another DoCoMo (inaudible) a business transfer, which is only available in Japanese. We also have a notice of a corporate shareholder resolution, and one other regarding the organizational structure reform of NTT DoCoMo, which again is available only in Japanese.We would immediately move to Mr. Nakamura's presentation from here and then we would like to take your questions. We plan to finish this meeting shortly after six o'clock. Please also be advised that there are some risks related to our presentations and also those answers made during the Q&A session. For the details regarding the risk, please see this slide and
NTT DoCoMo	&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&iuml;&frac14;&copy;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&auml;&raquo;&yen;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&iuml;&frac14;&copy;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x17d]&sect;&eacute;[TM]&curren;&eacute;&iexcl;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&deg;&atilde;o&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&ccedil;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&aelig;&copy;Y&atilde;&reg;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&auml;&raquo;&pound;&eacute;++'&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x17d]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&sup1;...&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;&ordm;--&eacute;&nbsp;&shy;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;&ordm;--&eacute;&nbsp;&shy;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;o&auml;&cedil;++&aring;++&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&aelig;&reg;&micro;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;?&aring;&reg;Y&aring;&pound;&sup2;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe? &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x160]&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;?&aring;&reg;Y&aring;&pound;&sup2;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;?[#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;&reg;Y&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aelig;?&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;??&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&aring;&deg;?&atilde;--&aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&aring;&reg;&sup1;&egrave;&micro;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&aring;&shy;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;?&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&aelig;-&sup1;&aring;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;?[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&para;&auml;&ordm;[0/00]&aring;[#x160][#x203a]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aelig;OE&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&iquest;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[0/00]&ccedil;&middot;&copy;&aring;'OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;&shy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&reg;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;?&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&sup2;&copy;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&egrave;&uml;&shy;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;?&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2dc]&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&uml;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;&macr;&quot;&egrave;&frac14;[#x192]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&ordf;&aring;+...&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;'OE&auml;&ordm;&ordm; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&sup1;...&atilde;&ordf;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&shy;OE&eacute;++[#x17d]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;&shy;&aelig;&sup3;o &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&frac34;&quot;&aring;[0/00]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aelig;-&frac12;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&aelig;&copy;Y&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;?&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&para;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;&sect;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&frac34;OE&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac34;&aring;&shy;[#x2dc]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&aring;...[#x192]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;?&deg;&aring;&shy;?&atilde;?&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;[0/00]?&aring;?[#x192]&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;?&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;?&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;??&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;?OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&iuml;&frac12;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&aelig;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x201a]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]++&aelig;?&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&iuml;&frac12;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&frac14;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&ccedil;&cedil;&frac34;&atilde;&reg;&aring;...&uml;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&eacute;o&middot;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;o&middot;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x160]&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;&micro;OE&aring;-&para;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;...+&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;-&para;&aelig;&yen;&shy;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;&micro;OE&aring;-&para;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&curren;&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;??&atilde;?&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&ccedil;[#x203a]&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;--&yen;&ccedil;&frac34;&aring;oe&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&aring;?&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&curren;&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a]?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&curren;&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?[#x160]&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++'&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&curren;?&aring;[#x2039]o&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&deg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&ccedil;?&cedil;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;o&deg;&aring;[#x192]&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++?&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&aelig;&iexcl;[#x2c6]&atilde;OE&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&eacute;o&middot;&aelig;oeY&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&ccedil;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;?&aelig;&yen;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&ccedil;?&cedil;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161]+&aelig;&sect;?&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;?&quot;&eacute;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&aring;?&curren;&aelig;-&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++?&aring;?&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;?&aelig;&yen;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&iquest;[#x20ac]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc]?&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x203a]&cedil;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&auml;&cedil;&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;[#x192]...&aring;&nbsp;&plusmn;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;OE&egrave;&micro;&middot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;&shy;&pound;&aring;&frac14;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++'&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&yen;&aelig;oeY&auml;&raquo;&yen;&eacute;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&macr;&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&egrave;++&ordf;&egrave;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;OE&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;-&frac12;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;&macr;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&aelig;?&sect;&atilde;OE&aring;&aring;?+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;?&laquo;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x160]&ordf;&aring;[#x160]?&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&auml;&frac12;[TM]&aring;oe&deg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2c6]&egrave;&curren;++&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;?&ordm;&egrave;&uml;?&egrave;[#x20ac]...&iuml;&frac14;[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;...&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x203a]&cedil;&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;o&eacute;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&aring;&deg;+&aelig;&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;&iquest;--&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&eacute;?&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&aelig;&copy;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&macr;&curren;&aelig;oe-- &atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&raquo;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;&reg;&micro;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&aring;[#x2c6]--&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac12;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[#x161]&auml;&iquest;&iexcl; &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac12;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[#x2c6]+&eacute;[#x203a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;?&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;--&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&eacute;-&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;OE&atilde;?&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;??&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]+&eacute;?&cent;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]?&auml;&cedil;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;?&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&ordf;&sup2;&eacute;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&macr;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?[#x201a]&ccedil;?&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&eacute;&iexcl;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;oe[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&eacute;??&atilde;--&atilde;OE&eacute;++&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;?&atilde;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&ccedil;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&aelig;&copy;Y&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&aelig;&aring;&curren;&plusmn;&atilde;OE&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&ccedil;&quot;Y&atilde;?&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;?&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&atilde;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&ccedil;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aring;?&uml;&aring;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;[0/00]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;oe&uml;&aring;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17e][#x2039]&atilde;OE&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&aring;&macr;&frac34;&aring;++&brvbar;&atilde;?'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&macr;?&aring;?&sup2;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;&reg;?&aelig;...[#x2039]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;?&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&macr;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;?&not;&aelig;[0/00]?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;--&atilde;?&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x192][TM]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;?&atilde;OE&atilde;?&atilde;?&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;?&eacute;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2039]&not;&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;?&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;?&laquo;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;?&macr;&aelig;[0/00]o&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;-&sup1;&aelig;&sup3;o&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;OE&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2039]&not;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;o&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...&uml;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2039]&not;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;&curren;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&egrave;&brvbar;[#x161]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;?&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;?&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;?&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;?&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;?&middot;&atilde;&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&aelig;oe[0/00]&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&pound;&egrave;...&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;&micro;&cedil;&eacute;[#x20ac]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&reg;?&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&deg;?&atilde;--&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&aring;?&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;OE&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;[#x203a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;?&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x203a]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&aring;&iquest;oe&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;+&atilde;--&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&egrave;&ordf;&sup2;&eacute;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;oe&uml;&aring;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;-&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;-&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aring;oe&uml;&aring;&ordm;&laquo;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&iquest;...&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;?&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&atilde;OE&aelig;&copy;Y&ccedil;&uml;&reg;&aring;?&yen;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&iquest;[#x192]&aelig;&middot;&iexcl;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;&aelig;?&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&middot;&middot;&aring;oe&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aelig;&quot;&sup1;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]?&egrave;?[#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]?&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;?&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aelig;&cedil;...&egrave;&iexcl;? &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;??&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;o+&aring;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac14;&ccedil;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&ccedil;?&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;?++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&eacute;o&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x2039]&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac12;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;[TM]&raquo;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;?&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;o&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&egrave;?&frac12;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&iquest;[#x192]&aelig;&middot;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&iquest;[#x192]&aelig;&middot;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;'&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&auml;&cedil;++&aring;++&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&para;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;?&pound;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&aring;...&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&eacute;[#x161]&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&aring;...&uml;&eacute;?&uml;&aelig;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x17e]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;?&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;?&sect;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&middot;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;'&deg;&aring;&cent;?&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[#x2039][0/00]&aring;&frac14;&middot;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac12;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;?[#x20ac]&aring;[#x161]&auml;&iquest;&iexcl; &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;+&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&atilde;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&brvbar;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&egrave;&ordf;&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&egrave;&sect;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;'&atilde;OE&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;oe?&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;o&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&aelig;[TM]?&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&eacute;&copy;&aelig;-&deg;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&uml;&eacute;&pound;[#x203a]&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;OE&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&atilde;[#x20ac]...&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&ccedil;&frac34;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&aelig;[#x2039]&reg;&aelig;[#x160]--&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;&yen;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&macr;&quot;&ccedil;?++&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;[#x2039]?&atilde;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;OE&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&eacute;?&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&brvbar;[#x201a]&aelig;?&not;&ccedil;[#x161]?&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[TM]&aring;[0/00]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&aring;&acute;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&aelig;Y&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;?&aelig;oe&not;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac12;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[#x161]&auml;&iquest;&iexcl; &iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;?&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]?&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x2c6]--&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &auml;&cedil;?&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&egrave;&uml;&sup3;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac34;OE&aring;[#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;&sect;&eacute;-[#x2039]&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;[#x160]o&aring;...&yen;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&aring;?&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;?&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x17d]Y&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&macr;&aring;&plusmn;&aelig;[#x20ac]&yen;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&ordf;&sup2;&eacute;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;?&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;[#x160]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&aring;?Y&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&uml;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aring;&middot;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]&yen;&aring;?-&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&ccedil;&sup2;[#x203a]&atilde;?...&atilde;&uml;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x17d]Y&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;'&auml;&cedil;++&aring;++&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&frac34;...&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&shy;&deg;&egrave;&laquo;-&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;[#x160]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x2039]&egrave;&cedil;&atilde;&iquest;&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;?&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&shy;&quot;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&shy;&quot;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?--&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x201e]&iexcl;&ccedil;&middot;[#x161]&iuml;&frac14;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;?&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2dc]&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]?&auml;&cedil;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;&deg;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&shy;&quot;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;&ccedil;[#x203a]?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;?&aelig;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x160]&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aelig;&cedil;?&egrave;&iexcl;OE &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;?&sup1;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&shy;&quot;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;o&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;?&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192]--&aring;OE-&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&micro;&plusmn;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&frac34;&atilde;[#x20ac]...&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;+?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;?&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;?&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&ccedil;&para;[TM]&ccedil;&para;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x2c6]&yen;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;?&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;?&copy;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;--&yen;&aelig;oe&not;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?&aelig;--&yen;&aelig;oe&not;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&micro;&middot;&aring;&curren;-&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&deg;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]+&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;OE&atilde;'&aring;?+&atilde;OE&aring;&deg;&atilde;o&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;[#x160]oe&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;?[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a]?&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192][#x161]&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;?&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&ordm;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&ccedil;&cedil;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x17d]&sup3;&aring;&macr;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&egrave;&frac14;[#x192]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;&sect;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&aring;oeY&auml;&iquest;&micro;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&egrave;&frac14;[#x192]&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&aelig;oe&not;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;[#x17d]&sup3;&aring;&macr;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&egrave;&frac14;[#x192]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&frac34;&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&egrave;&copy;o&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;o&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&aelig;&nbsp;&frac14;&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;-&cent;&auml;&iquest;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&nbsp;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&brvbar;&atilde;?&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&not;&iuml;&frac12;[0/00]&iuml;&frac12;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac12;?&iuml;&frac12;[#x2dc]&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&brvbar;&atilde;?&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;?&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&aring;OE-&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;?&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&ccedil;?[#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&eacute;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;o&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x201a]&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;[#x160]&egrave;&iquest;'&atilde;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;[#x17d]Y&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;OE&aring;[#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]+&egrave;&iquest;'&atilde;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;OE&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;[#x17d][#x2039]&eacute;&quot;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&eacute;-[#x2039]&ccedil;[TM]&ordm;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&eacute;&pound;[#x203a]&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;OE&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&iquest;&frac12;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&macr;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&ccedil;&micro;[#x201a]&ccedil;[#x161]?&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&egrave;&iquest;&frac12;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&macr;&egrave;?&frac12;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;?&atilde;??&aelig;&cedil;...&egrave;&iexcl;? &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;--&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;?&aring;[#x203a]?&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&aelig;?&deg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;&curren;oe&egrave;&uml;[#x17d]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;?[#x160]&iuml;&frac14;[TM]&iuml;&frac14;&ccedil;&sup3;&raquo;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;??&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;?&uml;&aelig;oeY&atilde;&sect;&aelig;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&aring;OE-&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;?&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;?&aelig;OE++&aelig;'[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&ccedil;&shy;[#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]?&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&ccedil;&shy;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;&middot;&yen;&aring;&curren;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&eacute;o&middot;&atilde;&eacute;?&middot;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;OE&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&micro;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&ordf;&iquest;&eacute;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&middot;&yen;&aring;&curren;&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;...&plusmn;&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&aring;OE-&atilde;[#x201a]'&eacute;[#x20ac]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac34;OE&aring;[#x160]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac14;&frac14;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&sect;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;&frac34;&raquo;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;&cedil;...&egrave;&iexcl;OE &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;OE&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;o&middot;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;+&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aelig;--&copy;&atilde;&aring;&reg;Y&ccedil;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac]?&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;?[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]++&aelig;?&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;?&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;?[#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;?'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;?++&aelig;[#x2dc]&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;?&cent;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&eacute;-&quot;&eacute;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&aelig;[0/00]&iquest;&ccedil;Y&yen;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&cedil;-&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;&brvbar;&aelig;oe[#x203a]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;...&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&aelig;--&copy;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&egrave;&brvbar;&ccedil;&acute;&nbsp;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;&sup2;&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;&macr;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aring;&reg;&para;&aring;&ordm;&shy;&aring;+...&atilde;&sect;&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x2dc]&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&nbsp;&aelig;oe[0/00]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&aring;&reg;Y&eacute;[#x161][#x203a]&egrave;&micro;&middot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&aring;&cent;--&egrave;&uml;&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;[TM]&aring;[#x201e][#x20ac]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&egrave;&micro;&middot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&middot;&copy;&aring;'OE&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&raquo;&frac12;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&iquest;...&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;OE&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&pound;oe&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&frac12;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&aelig;[#x17e]oe&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&eacute;-&quot;&eacute;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&ccedil;&middot;&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&uml;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;[#x160]o&aring;...&yen;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&sup1;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;&frac34;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac14;[#x160]&aelig;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]++&aelig;[#x2dc]&shy; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&deg;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&eacute;o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;&middot;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&pound;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;oe[#x17e]&aring;&cedil; &auml;&cedil;[0/00]&egrave;&plusmn;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&iuml;&frac14;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&ordf;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&aring;'&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]--&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo; &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;o&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&auml;&sup1;...&atilde;--&atilde;&para;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;OE&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;...&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;++&ordf;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&egrave;&sup2;&middot;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&cent;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]+&aelig;[#x17e]&aring;o&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;OE&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x17d]&iuml;&frac14;-&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&auml;&raquo;&yen;&aring;&curren;-&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&frac34;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&aring;[#x17d]&raquo;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&aring;&deg;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;&pound;&aring;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&aelig;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;OE&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&aring;&reg;[#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&sect;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x160]&auml;&frac14;'&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;&micro;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&atilde;Y&atilde;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&eacute;[#x203a]+&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&cedil;&deg;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&egrave;&sup2;&middot;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x160]o&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;oe&atilde;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&reg;[0/00]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;OE&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&reg;&eacute;...&aring;&frac12;&quot;&aelig;[#x20ac]&sect;&aring;'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;oe&atilde;&sup2;&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&auml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;&sup3;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&aelig;OE++&aelig;'[#x2dc]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x161]+&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;...&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&ccedil;Y&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&atilde;+&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x161]+&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&egrave;&uml;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&reg;--&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&aring;&frac14;&plusmn;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&macr;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&frac12;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aring;Y&ordm;&aelig;oe&not;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;OE&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&frac14;&plusmn;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;...&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&aelig;OE++&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&macr;&quot;&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&eacute;&nbsp;'&aring;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe&not;&auml;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;Y&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&reg;[0/00]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&reg;[0/00]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;...&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&frac14;&middot;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&eacute;...&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;++&ordf;&aring;&middot;&plusmn;&aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&aring;-&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x161]&ccedil;&para;[#x161]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;++&uml;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&aelig;[#x2c6]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&sup3;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&auml;&cedil;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x2c6]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&aring;[#x201e][#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[#x20ac]Y&eacute;++'&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aelig;[0/00]o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;oe&atilde;&sup2;&atilde;&quot;&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x17d]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;o&deg;&aring;&shy;--&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&aelig;&sup3;o&auml;&ordm;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&ccedil;o&ordf;&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;OE&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;[0/00]&aelig;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&frac34;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;&yen;&atilde;[#x20ac]...&aelig;oeY&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;&curren;&sect;&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&aring;[#x17d]&atilde;OE&egrave;&micro;&middot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&frac34;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;[#x161]+&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&para;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&acute;&quot;&aring;&cent;--&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&ccedil;[#x17d]++&atilde;[#x201a]'&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&aring;oe&deg;&aring;YY&atilde;OE&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&aring;&aring;[#x2c6]+&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;oeY&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x161]+&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&para;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&auml;&ordm;[#x2c6]&aelig;[#x192]&sup3;&aring;[#x2c6]&copy;&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&para;&egrave;&shy;&deg;&egrave;&laquo;-&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;oe&atilde;&sup2;&atilde;&quot;&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&shy;&atilde;[#x192]&pound;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&yen;&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;...&uml;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&sect;&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo; &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&auml;&sup1;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;&not;&iexcl;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&laquo;&aring;'&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&reg;[#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;OE&aring;[#x160]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&brvbar;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;Y&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&egrave;&sup3;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac12;&plusmn;&eacute;Y&iquest;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&aelig;[TM]&reg;&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&aelig;&cedil;[#x203a]&ccedil;[#x203a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo; &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;+&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo; &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &aring;+&aelig;&yen;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;...[#x2c6]&eacute;&pound;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&eacute;[#x192]&uml;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&eacute;-&cent;&auml;&iquest;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo; &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&micro;OE&aring;-&para;&aring;[#x160]&ordf;&aring;[#x160][#x203a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&aring;Y[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;&quot;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;--&copy;&aring;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&auml;&raquo; &atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;: &atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;oeY&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]--&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&not;&not;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x2c6]--&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[0/00]&macr;&aring;&sup3;&para; &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&macr;&aring;&sup3;&para;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;OE&eacute;[#x17e]&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&para;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;[#x192]&shy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;OE&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;Y&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x201a]&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&aring;&cent;--&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&eacute;-&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;'&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;&para;&aelig;--&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&ccedil;[#x201e]&iexcl;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;OE&aring;&macr;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&atilde;OE&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;Y&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;Y&atilde;&frac34;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&para;&auml;&ordm;[0/00]&aring;[#x160][#x203a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;&reg;[#x2039]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&aring;&iquest;oe&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&iquest;...&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&laquo;&para;&auml;&ordm;[0/00]&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&aelig;&yen;&shy;&egrave;[#x20ac]...&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x201a]&cedil;&atilde;[#x201a]&middot;&atilde;[#x192]&sect;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&atilde;[#x160]&eacute;&iexcl;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&para;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&ccedil;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&ccedil;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aelig;oeY&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&copy;&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aring;...&yen;&eacute;-[#x20ac]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&ordm;&aring;&cedil;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;OE&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac]...&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&reg;[0/00]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&aring;&reg;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;+&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&auml;&cedil;-&ccedil;oOE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192]&macr;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&copy;&aelig;[0/00][#x2039]&aring;&frac12;&quot;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&copy;&atilde;OE&ccedil;&laquo;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;&frac14;&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&aring;[#x160]&acute;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;OE&aelig;[#x2c6]&aring;[#x17e][#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&egrave;&iquest;'&atilde;&yen;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&para;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&auml;&frac12;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[TM]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&sup3;&uml;&aring;[#x160][#x203a]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;&middot;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]&yen;&aring;OE-&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;[#x203a]&sup3;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&cedil;[#x20ac]&aelig;[#x2dc]&uml;&aring;&sup1;&acute;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&para;&atilde;Y&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;&quot;&sup1;&aring;-[#x201e]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;&quot;&sup1;&aring;-[#x201e]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&aring;&plusmn;&plusmn;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&ccedil;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&auml;&raquo;&yen;&aring;&curren;-&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;++&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;Y&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aring;-&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;++&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&deg;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&sup2;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&eacute;o&middot;&aelig;oeY&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;&reg;&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac12;&iuml;&frac12;o&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;-&frac12;&ccedil;&shy;-&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&aelig;&reg;&micro;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&laquo;&macr;&aelig;oe&laquo;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x20ac]&curren;&aelig;&reg;&micro;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2039]&egrave;&sup2;&nbsp;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;[#x2039]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&shy;&pound;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&ordf;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;&shy;&pound;&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&reg;[#x161]&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&aring;'&atilde;&cedil;&aring;'&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&aring;&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;OE&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;+[#x160]&egrave;&deg;&middot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;-++&auml;&sup1;Y &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aelig;--&yen;&aelig;o&aelig;[0/00]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]?&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&deg;&atilde;&reg;&aring;++&ordm;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&sect;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&eacute;&laquo;[#x2dc]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;o&ordf;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&ccedil;o&ordf;&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;o&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;[#x160]&para;&aelig;&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&ccedil;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[#x161]+&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&ccedil;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x192]--&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&aring;[#x2c6]&yen;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&aelig;oe[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;[#x17d]&atilde;&reg;&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&frac12;&atilde;&iexcl;&ccedil;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[0/00]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&egrave;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&egrave;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&eacute;-&quot;&atilde;&reg;&ccedil;[#x201e]&iexcl;&aelig;-[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&aring;&frac12;&quot;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;[#x192]o&atilde;[#x201a]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]Y&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&macr;&egrave;++&ordf;&ccedil;[#x201e]&para;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;?&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]?&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&iuml;&frac14;&shy;&iuml;&frac14;&iexcl;&iuml;&frac14;&cedil;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&deg;&egrave;++&ordf;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;++&ordf;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;++&ordf;&aring;[#x2039]o&aelig;&auml;&frac34;[#x203a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&sect;[#x2039]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;&uml;&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&brvbar;&aring;[#x203a]&nbsp;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;?&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aring;[0/00]&macr;&aring;&sup3;&para; &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&raquo;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;: &atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&iuml;&frac14;'&ccedil;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;?&egrave;&iquest;&frac12;&aring;[#x160]&nbsp;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x2c6]&brvbar;&ccedil;o&yen;&aring;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&auml;&frac12;&quot;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&eacute;-&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;&sup1;&acute;&egrave;&para;...&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;Y&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;&frac34;OE&egrave;&iquest;&frac12;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;&iquest;--&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;OE&aring;&curren;[#x161]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;&iquest;--&aelig;&plusmn;&ordm;&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;OE&aring;&cedil;&cedil;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;...&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;OE&aelig;&deg;--&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;&frac34;OE&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;Y&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;[#x20ac]+&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;&quot;&raquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[0/00]&quot;&atilde;&iexcl;&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;OE&egrave;[#x2039]&yen;&aring;&sup1;&sup2;&auml;&cedil;&aring;&reg;[0/00]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&frac34;&ordm;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;-[TM]&eacute;++'&atilde;&reg;&eacute;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aring;&frac34;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&cedil;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&eacute;[#x20ac]&quot;&auml;&cedil;&shy;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aring;...[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x192][#x203a]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&nbsp;&iuml;&frac14;&micro;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]'&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&not;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&yen;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&auml;&cedil;-&ccedil;?OE&atilde;&reg;&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;&sect;&egrave;&iexcl;?&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aring;&frac12;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;?&aring;?&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x192][TM]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;--&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;OE&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;--&atilde;&pound;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&cedil;&egrave;&raquo;&cedil;&egrave;&para;&sup3;&aring;[#x2039]o&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;[#x160][#x20ac]&egrave;&iexcl;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&eacute;&cent;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;oe&atilde;&sup2;&aring;?&ordm;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&micro;&atilde;?&atilde;&laquo;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;?&atilde;??&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&raquo;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;o&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x2c6]?&ccedil;[#x203a]&reg;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aring;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&aelig;&sup3;&deg;&aelig;&quot;&iquest; &atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&aelig;--&yen;&aelig;oe&not;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;, &atilde;[#x201a]&cent;&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]: &atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;?&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;[#x2c6]&cedil;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&deg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;'&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;'&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;?&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&quot;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;?&auml;&frac14;&ordm;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&egrave;&iquest;&middot;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&egrave;?&ordf;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;o&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;'&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x192]-&atilde;[#x192]&copy;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]++&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x201a]&deg;&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&ordf;&not;&aelig;[#x2dc][#x17d]&atilde;&reg;&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;&middot;&plusmn;&atilde;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]'&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;&curren;&sect;&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201e]&egrave;[#x20ac][#x192]&atilde;[#x2c6]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&ccedil;+&egrave;&sect;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&frac34;&aring;&reg;Y&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]+&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;...&yen;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&egrave;&copy;&plusmn;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&iuml;&frac14;'&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x20ac]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;oe[#x2c6]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x161]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&para;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&egrave;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;Y&aring;&cedil;[#x201a]&aring;&nbsp;&acute;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&eacute;[#x20ac]+&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;-&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;[0/00]&sup1;&atilde;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;&laquo;&iuml;&frac14;&curren;&iuml;&frac14;&curren;&iuml;&frac14;&copy;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;[#x2dc]&uml;&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aring;&pound;&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aelig;-&sup1;&atilde;&macr;&aelig;OE&ccedil;&para;[#x161]&aring;&macr;&egrave;[#x192]&frac12;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&auml;&ordm;[#x2039]&aring;&reg;Y&auml;&cedil;[#x160]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201a]'&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&curren;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x17d]&aring;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&aring;&frac34;&iexcl;&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&atilde;&macr;&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;[#x2039]&brvbar;&atilde;--&atilde;?&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&curren;[#x161]&aring;[#x2c6]+&atilde;[#x192][#x17e]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&plusmn;&atilde;[#x192][#x192]&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&atilde;&reg;&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;&atilde;&sup1;&atilde;&aring;...?&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;...[#x2c6]&egrave;&iexcl;OE&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&uml;&aelig;?&atilde;+&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&aelig;[#x201e]&aring;'&sup3;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aring;[#x2c6]&yen;&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;-&quot;&eacute;o&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&aelig;?[#x2c6]&auml;&raquo;&yen;&eacute;[TM]&atilde;[#x192][#x160]&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;?&frac14;&atilde;[#x192]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&iquest;&atilde;[#x192]&quot;&atilde;?&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]?&atilde;[#x201a]&pound;&atilde;&reg;&aelig;o&deg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&sect;&aelig;?&sup1;&aring;-[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&egrave;&sect;&pound;&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&ccedil;[#x17d]?&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&cedil;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&laquo;&egrave;&copy;o&auml;&frac34;&iexcl;&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x192]o&atilde;&macr;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;oe&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&sect;&egrave;++&ordf;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&atilde;OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;o&atilde;'&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]OE&atilde;+&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&iquest;&middot;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;[#x201e]Y&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;OE&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&aring;&iquest;[#x192]&eacute;...&atilde;o&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?[#x160]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;oe&atilde;&sup2;&aelig;o[TM]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;+&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&auml;&cedil;&shy;&aelig;'&atilde;[#x20ac][#x20ac]&ccedil;&para;&shy;&aring;&curren;&laquo; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;[#x192][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &egrave;&iquest;&middot;&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&reg;OE&aring;...&uml;&atilde;&laquo;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&iuml;&frac14;o&iuml;&frac14;OE&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;&iuml;&frac14;&auml;&cedil;++&atilde;&sect;&aring;[0/00]&sup2;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac34;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&deg;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;&ordm;[#x20ac]&egrave;&para;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&aring;&frac34;&sup1;&aring;&ordm;o&ccedil;[#x161][#x201e]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&reg;&aring;[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&ccedil;&quot;&sup3;&atilde;--&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&nbsp;&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&eacute;-&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&eacute;-&quot;&auml;&raquo;&yen;&aring;+...&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;OE&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&eacute;[#x20ac][#x161]&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;--&atilde;&macr;&aring;[#x2c6]++&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&eacute;&pound;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&iuml;&frac14;&quot;&iuml;&frac14;[#x2dc]&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&eacute;-&quot;&auml;&raquo;&yen;&aring;+...&atilde;&laquo;&eacute;&pound;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;+&atilde;[#x160]&ccedil;&acute;[#x201e]&aelig;Y&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]+&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&aelig;o...&eacute;[#x161]oe&auml;&iquest;&reg;&ccedil;+&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac12;o&aring;[#x203a][#x17e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&aelig;&yen;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;?&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;+&iuml;&frac14;'&aring;[#x203a]?&atilde;&sect;&auml;&frac12;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&aelig;&cedil;[#x2c6]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;?&ordm;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x192][TM]&atilde;[#x192]&frac14;&atilde;[#x201a]&sup1;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aring;[#x203a]&ordm;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x2c6]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&ccedil;&cent;&ordm;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;&laquo;&ccedil;[#x161]+&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&aelig;[#x20ac]'&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&aelig;-&deg;&egrave;&brvbar;&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;++&ordf;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?&atilde;&copy;&atilde;?&aring;&deg;'&atilde;--&atilde;&macr;&egrave;&brvbar;[#x2039]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&atilde;?[#x201e]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;&laquo;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&ccedil;&uml;?&aring;&ordm;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x192][#x20ac]&atilde;?&curren;&atilde;[#x192]&not;&atilde;[#x201a]&macr;&atilde;[#x192][#x2c6]&aring;?&sup2;&aring;&frac14;o&atilde;&reg;&aring;[#x17d]?&egrave;&sup3;++&atilde;&macr;&auml;&raquo;[#x160]&aring;?[#x17e]&atilde;&macr;&aelig;OE&atilde;&iexcl;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;Y&atilde;&uml;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]'&aelig;OE++&atilde;o&atilde;?OE&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&quot;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&egrave;++&ordf;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&atilde;OE&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&egrave;&uml;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]?&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;OE&atilde;[#x20ac]&auml;&raquo;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x2039]&atilde;[#x160]&aring;&reg;&cent;&aelig;&sect;[#x2dc]&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&macr;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&aelig;oe&not;&aring;&frac12;?&atilde;&laquo;&aring;&iquest;[#x192]&aring;&ordm;o&aring;&curren;[0/00]&atilde;[#x2c6]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&iquest;&atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;+&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;&pound;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a][0/00]&auml;&frac12;o&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;OE&aring;++&ordm;&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;&quot;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;?[#x2039]&atilde;[#x201a]&quot;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;[#x201a][#x192]&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;&uml;&atilde;[#x20ac]&ccedil;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&iquest;&iexcl;&atilde;[#x2dc]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;'&atilde;&copy;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&atilde;?&micro;&atilde;?&laquo;&atilde;[#x201a]&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;?&sup3;&atilde;?&cent;: &atilde;[#x201a][#x2c6]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;?&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&sect;&atilde;--&atilde;[#x201a]++&atilde;?&atilde;[#x2039]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aring;[#x2c6]&ccedil;&quot;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]?&aelig;&sup3;&deg;&aelig;&quot;&iquest; &atilde;[#x192]&iexcl;&atilde;?&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&laquo;&atilde;[#x192]&ordf;&atilde;[#x192]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&aelig;--&yen;&aelig;oe&not;&egrave;&uml;&frac14;&aring;?&cedil;: &atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;?&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;?[#x201a]&atilde;?&micro;&atilde;[#x201a]&laquo;&atilde;?&curren; &aelig;&nbsp;&ordf;&aring;&frac14;&auml;&frac14;[#x161]&ccedil;&curren;&frac34;&iuml;&frac14;&reg;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&iuml;&frac14;&acute;&atilde;?[0/00]&atilde;[#x201a]&sup3;&atilde;[#x192]&cent;: &atilde;&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&sect;&atilde;&macr;&auml;&ordm;?&aring;&reg;[#x161]&atilde;--&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;[#x201a]?&aelig;[TM][#x201a]&eacute;-&quot;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x160]&atilde;[#x201a][#x20ac]&atilde;&shy;&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;--&atilde;Y&atilde;&reg;&atilde;&sect;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&egrave;&sup3;&ordf;&aring;?&atilde;?&atilde;&ordf;&atilde;'&atilde;[#x201a]OE&atilde;&deg;&atilde;[#x20ac]&atilde;&quot;&atilde;?OE&atilde;&sect;&ccedil;&micro;?&auml;&ordm;+&atilde;&uml;&atilde;o&atilde;[#x203a]&atilde;&brvbar;&atilde;?&atilde;Y&atilde;&nbsp;&atilde;&atilde;Y&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&uml;&aelig;[#x20ac]&atilde;?&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;[TM]&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a]&aelig;oe&not;&aelig;--&yen;&atilde;&macr;&atilde;&copy;&atilde;+&atilde;[#x201a][#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a]&atilde;[#x201a][#x160]&atilde;OE&atilde;&uml;&atilde;+&atilde;&quot;&atilde;-&atilde;[#x201e]&atilde;&frac34;&atilde;?&atilde;?&atilde;[#x20ac][#x201a][Thomson Financial
NTT DoCoMo	sets of press releases. One relates to the merge with regional subsidiaries, another DoCoMo (inaudible) a business transfer, which is only available in Japanese. We also have a notice of a corporate shareholder resolution, and one other regarding the organizational structure reform of NTT DoCoMo, which again is available only in Japanese.We would immediately move to Mr. Nakamura's presentation from here and then we would like to take your questions. We plan to finish this meeting shortly after six o'clock. Please also be advised that there are some risks related to our presentations and also those answers made during the Q&A session. For the details regarding the risk, please see this slide and also form 20F filed with the SEC.MASAO NAKAMURA, PRESIDENT & CEO, NTT DOCOMO: Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen for coming to this meeting. I would like to begin my presentation regarding the results for the year ended March '08.Page three. For the year ended, operating revenues decreased 1.6% to JPY4,711 billion. Operating income increased 4.5% year-on-year to JPY808 billion. We posted a decrease in revenues but an increase in income. As for the forecast for the current fiscal year ending March '09, operating revenues are
NTT DoCoMo	website later.Now I would like to introduce the participants from NTT Docomo. First of all we have the President and CEO, Mr. Kaoru Kato.KAORU KATO, PRESIDENT, CEO, NTT DOCOMO INC: Good afternoon, I am Kato.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: We also have Mr. Kazuto Tsubouchi, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO. We also have another Senior Executive Vice President, Mr. Fumio Iwasaki.FUMIO IWASAKI, SENIOR EVP, CHIEF PRIVACY OFFICER, CHIEF INFORMATION SECURITY OFFICER, NTT DOCOMO INC: Good afternoon, I am Iwasaki.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: And Executive Vice President responsible for consumer sales, Mr. Takashi Tanaka.TAKASHI TANAKA, EVP, NTT DOCOMO INC: I am Tanaka.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Corporate Strategy and Planning Department, Mr. Kazuhiro Yoshizawa.KAZUHIRO YOSHIZAWA, EVP, MD OF CORPORATE STRATEGY & PLANNING & STRUCTURAL REFORM, NTT DOCOMO INC: I am Yoshizawa. Good afternoon to you.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: And finally we also have Managing Director for the Accounts and Finance Department, Mr. Hirotaka Sato.HIROTAKA SATO, SVP, MD OF ACCOUNTS & FINANCE, NTT DOCOMO INC: Good afternoon, I am Sato.KAZUNORI YAMAMOTO: We have distributed three sets of documents. One is the earning release. The other one is the presentation material. And we also have a press release entitled &quot;Docomo and ABC Holdings agree on
NTT DoCoMo	other one is the press release entitled &quot;NTT DoCoMo to offer new flat rate telecommunications billing plans.&quot;As for today's meeting schedule, first of all we would like to have Mr. Hirata to make a presentation at the outset, which will be followed by a Q&A session. We will try to finish this meeting at around six o'clock.Please also be advised that this meeting may contain forward-looking statements including those made in the Q&A session. And for the potential risks, please see the slide and also Form 20-F filed with the SEC.Now, without further ado, I would like to have Mr. Hirata start the presentation.MASAYUKI HIRATA, SEVP AND CFO, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF GLOBAL BUSINESS DIVISION, NTT DOCOMO: Now I would like to announce the results for the third quarter results of this fiscal year ending March '07. I would like to be as brief as possible, so that we can spare as much time as possible for the Q&A session.These are the risks pertaining to our business and please refer to them. Take a look at them later.These are the results -- financial results for the third quarter. Operating revenues for the first three quarters increased by 0.4% year on year.
NTT DoCoMo	change in the division or structure to reinforce -- to establish a new division to reinforce corporate branding. And we have another Japanese document announcing the change in executive positions.Now, we -- after my brief introduction, I will like to have Mr. Hirata begin the presentation and then we would like to entertain your questions. And we will try to finish the session by -- shortly after 18 o'clock. And please be advised that this slide here and also Form 20-F describes the risk factors pertaining to our business.Now without further ado, we will like to start the presentation. Mr. Hirata, please?MASAYUKI HIRATA, SEVP, NTT DOCOMO: Good afternoon to you all. Today, we would like to announce the results for the first quarter of the fiscal year ending March 2008. And thank you very much for attending this meeting.At the outset, I would like to make a brief presentation and we have the full staff of member -- of our brigade here. So, if you have any questions, we would like to entertain whatever you may have.As Mr. Sakai mentioned, we have the risk factors and these are the cautions relating to the risk factors. And I would like to
NTT DoCoMo	is the presentation of the announcement -- the results. Also the earnings release. And we have two sets of press releases. One is entitled NTT DoCoMo to Reorganize Eight Regional Subsidiaries. And the other one is entitled NTT DoCoMo to Introduce New Handset Purchase Methods and Billing Plan. Please confirm that you have all these documents.For today's agenda, Mr. Nakamura will start off with a presentation, which will be followed by a Q&A session. We would like to finish this meeting at around slightly past 6 o'clock and I hope to have your cooperation for that.And also there are some risks pertaining to our business. For those risks, please see this slide here and also Form 20-F filed with the SEC. So without further ado, I would like to have Mr. Nakamura start the presentation.MASAO NAKAMURA, PRESIDENT & CEO, NTT DOCOMO: I am Nakamura. Thank you very much for your precious time to attend this meeting, and also because of the bad weather I would like to reiterate my appreciation for your participation.Now I would like to start the presentation on the first half results, slide number three. This shows the highlights of our first half results. Operating revenues decreased
Du Pont (E.I.)	Officer; and Jim Borel, Group Vice President of DuPont Production Agriculture Businesses.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this call, and you can access it through our website, dupont.com. We will be using slides today, which are posted on the website along with the news release that was issued earlier today.I invite you to turn to slide 2. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our news release and on our website.And finally, we have posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance. Please note that in discussing segment performance, comments on results are before significant items, and all references
Du Pont (E.I.)	sound quality. If you have additional questions, you may reenter the queue. Please note that this conference is being recorded. To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Madam, you may begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, DUPONT: Okay, thank you Dawn. Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, CEO, Jeff Keefer, Chief Financial Officer and Jim Borel, Group Vice President of DuPont's Production Ag Businesses. The slides for today's call can be found on our website, dupont.com along with the news release that was issued earlier today. Please turn to slide two. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and
Du Pont (E.I.)	strategic alternatives for our Performance Chemicals segment.With me are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO. The slides for today's presentations can be found on our website, along with our news releases.Please note that we also posted a new document on our website this morning containing our second-quarter segment performance and outlook, commentary, and slides. We normally present this information on the call, but by posting this document on our Web, we can use that time to review our other announcements and take your questions.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. I direct you to Slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you review the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided in our earnings release and on the website.For today's agenda, Ellen will start
Du Pont (E.I.)	the remaining time to answer your questions.&nbsp;As a reminder, this call is being webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only mode. Another call is scheduled for 10:15 eastern standard time this morning to respond to questions from the media. During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance. But involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.I'd like to call your attention to the supplemental data and information that we released this morning with our earnings release. And we've posted this on our website. In particular, please note that as we mentioned in our investor meeting in New York last November, where we announced the key actions we are taking to accelerate value creation, we have added three new slides, addressing total fixed costs as a percentage of sales, capital deployment and return on innovation. We hope that you find these -- this additional
Du Pont (E.I.)	use our remaining time to answer your questions. As a reminder, this call is being Webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only basis. A separate call is scheduled for 10:15 Eastern Standard Time today to respond to questions from the media.During the course of this conference call we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.I'd like to call your attention to the supplemental data and information that we released this morning with our earnings release and we've posted to our Website. In particular, please note that as promised at our investor meeting last November in New York, we have included slides addressing total fixed cost as a percentage of sales, capital deployment and innovation. We hope that we find -- we hope that you find these additional data helpful.I'll now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Gary Pfeiffer.GARY
Du Pont (E.I.)	our agenda is a review of our 2006 second-quarter performance by Jeff. Next I'll take you through a review of performance for each of our segments during the quarter and how we see the coming quarter. After that Chad will share with you his insights on our second quarter, our strategic focus and outlook for the remainder of 2006. We'll then use our remaining time to answer your questions.I've asked Erik to join us today for the Q&A session because we made several key announcements during the quarter concerning advances of our pipeline and also because this quarter marks the end of the ag season in the Northern Hemisphere as well as the start of the season in the Southern Hemisphere.As a reminder, this call is being webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only basis. A separate call is scheduled for 9:15 Eastern Standard Time today to respond to questions from the media. During the course of this conference call we may make forward-looking statements. Also statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of
Du Pont (E.I.)	see the coming quarter. After that, Chad will share with you his insights on our third quarter, our strategic focus and outlook for the remainder of this year. We will then use the remaining time to answer your questions.As a reminder, this call is being webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only basis. Our separate call is scheduled for 10:15 AM this morning Eastern Time to respond to questions from the media.During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.I would like to call your attention to the supplemental information that we released this morning with our earnings release and have posted on our website. In particular, please note that we are using slides today to accompany our remarks. The slides are also available on our website. I hope that you find this additional data
Du Pont (E.I.)	to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.&nbsp;I'd like to call your attention to the additional materials released this morning with our earnings release that are also posted on our website. We hope that you find them helpful to better understand our business performance. Also I'd like to highlight a point that was included in the IR quarterly note that we sent out and posted on our website last week regarding our disclosure beginning this quarter of only reported GAAP earnings in our earnings release. Over the past number of years in addition to reporting quarterly GAAP earnings, we provided you with earnings before special items. With the transformation of our portfolio now complete we expect fewer special items and therefore, will discontinue our prior practice of providing earnings before special items in our disclosures. This change will better align our reporting with our peers.Okay, let's get started then with the second quarter. DuPont's performance in the second quarter was solid. We are focussed on executing our strategies and our plans are working. Three key points to highlight. First, second quarter earnings per share were $1.01 up
Du Pont (E.I.)	quarter performance and our outlook. After that Chad will share with you his remarks regarding our actions to accelerate growth. And Gary will also address the details behind our $5 billion share repurchase program and we'll leave about 30 minutes to answer your questions. As a reminder this call is being Webcast and is open to the media on an listen-only basis. A separate call is scheduled for 10:30 this morning ET to respond to questions from the media.During the course of this conference call we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. I would like to call your attention to the supplemental data and information that we released this morning with our earnings release. We've posted that on the DuPont Investor website and we hope that you find it helpful in understanding our third quarter results. Okay, let's begin now with the third quarter.DuPont's
Du Pont (E.I.)	morning, and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, CFO.The slides for today's call can be found on our website at DuPont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today. Please turn to slide one. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website. And finally, we've posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance.Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen Kullman.ELLEN KULLMAN, CHAIRMAN, CEO, DUPONT: Thanks, Karen, and good morning everyone. Once again, I'm very pleased with what our Teams accomplished. To help frame the
Du Pont (E.I.)	current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.Before Gary covers the financial results, here are a few observations about the 3rd quarter. DuPont delivered 3rd quarter earnings per share of $0.25 before special items, modestly exceeding our 3rd quarter outlook. This compares to $0.13 on the same basis last year, a 92% increase. Three factors drove earnings growth in the 3rd quarter: Positive pricing, strong volume growth and progress on fixed costs. First, positive pricing. Local prices increased 3% versus last year for our 5 platforms on a pro forma basis, excluding the impact of portfolio changes.Second, strong volume growth. On that same basis, our five platforms had 7% volume growth in the quarter. Asia Pacific was, again, our fastest growing region, with 3rd quarter volume up 30% versus last year. And, third, progress on fixed costs. We continue to be on-track with the fixed costs improvements that comprise 700 million of the 900 million improvement program announced at the end of -- of last year.
Du Pont (E.I.)	guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.&nbsp;Before Gary covers the financial results, I would like to start with these summary highlights to aid your understanding of our fourth quarter and full year results. 2004 marks the completion of the six-year structural transformation of DuPont. With the INVISTA separation behind us, our highest priority is delivering results from executing our three strategies: putting our science to work, going where the growth is, and leveraging the global capabilities of one DuPont. Our fourth quarter results capped a year of solid performance improvement and growth from executing these three strategies.On the top line, DuPont's five core segments delivered revenue growth of 14 percent in the fourth quarter and 15 percent for the year. We've launched almost 800 new products and new product applications. We raised local currency selling prices 4 percent in the quarter and 3 percent for the year, and captured broad-based growth in volumes, including rapid growth in emerging markets. In the first post-INVISTA year, revenue growth by our core segments made
Du Pont (E.I.)	statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.Before we get into our first quarter performance I'd like to mention a few points. First, in the materials posted on our website and released this morning, we included for first the time a quarterly summary that highlights our first quarter performance. We provided this as an aid to understanding our performance. And while we have not designed our remarks this morning around those slides, the contents will be covered in our remarks and we hope that you find them helpful.Next item, all of our references on this call will be to our performance before special items. I note that we have no special items reported in the first quarter this year so this is a reference to last year's first quarter. Last administrative item, let me remind that there are two portfolio changes to be aware of as you make comparisons of this quarter to last year.First, the sale of INVISTA which occurred in
Du Pont (E.I.)	we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide two for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website. And finally, we have posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance.It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen.ELLEN KULLMAN, CEO & CHAIR, DUPONT: Great. Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone.I'm pleased with the continued strong momentum from our second-quarter results. Sales were up 19% with double-digit increases in every reporting segment and major region. Sales to developing markets grew 29%. Overall we had excellent pricing performance, driven by innovative new products and disciplined pricing actions across all businesses.Volume was up 2% for the
Du Pont (E.I.)	pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Karen, you may begin.KAREN FLETCHER, VP, IR, E. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND CO: Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO. Nick Fanandakis, CFO, and Jim Borel, Executive Vice President. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at dupont.com along with the news release that was issued earlier today. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to Slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and ask that you refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with the earnings news release and on our website. As a reminder, our comments on today's call regarding segment earnings are on an underlying
Du Pont (E.I.)	you may begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP, IR, DUPONT: Okay. Thank you, John. Good morning and welcome, everyone.With me today are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO.The slides for today's call can be found on our website at DuPont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide two for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you review the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website.As a reminder, our comments on today's call regarding segment earnings are on an underlying basis. And finally, we have posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance.
Du Pont (E.I.)	investor relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;KAREN FLETCHER, VP - IR, DUPONT: Thanks, John. Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Nick Fanandakis , Chief Financial Officer. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at dupont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today. Please turn to slide one. During the course of this conference call we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of these factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website. And finally, we've posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of Company's performance.With that I'll turn the call over toELLEN KULLMAN, CHAIRMAN & CEO, DUPONT: Thanks, Karen,
Du Pont (E.I.)	this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, CFO. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at DuPont. com along with the news release that was issued earlier today. Please turn to slide one. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer to the reconciliation to GAAP statements provided on the news release and on our website. Finally, we've posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ellen.ELLEN KULLMAN, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, DUPONT: Thanks, Karen. Excuse me. And good morning, everyone. This time last year, we were taking aggressive actions to respond to deteriorating market conditions. Our initiatives were
Du Pont (E.I.)	you, John. Good morning, and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; and Nick Fanandakis, CFO. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at DuPont.com along with the news release that was issued earlier this morning. If you look at slide one, during the conference call, we will make forward-looking statements.All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website. And finally, we've posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance.Before I turn the call over to Ellen, I would like to remind everyone that our 2010 Investor Day will be held on December 9. When the date gets closer, we'll share details on location and
Du Pont (E.I.)	found on our website at DuPont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, so I direct you to slide 1 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, and ask that you refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements that are provided with our earnings news release, and can be found on our website. And finally, we have posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance.It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen.ELLEN KULLMAN, CEO & CHAIR, DUPONT: Great, thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. DuPont delivered a strong finish to a great year, and during the fourth quarter and throughout the year, we have been steadfastly focused on our 2010 directives,
Du Pont (E.I.)	Relations. Karen, you may begin.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thanks, John. Good morning and welcome, everyone. With me today are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO; and our incoming VP of Investor Relations, Carl Lukach.The slides for today's call can be found on our website along with a news release that was issued earlier today. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements and I direct you to slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions.We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and ask you to review the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and available on our website. Please note that all comments about fourth-quarter full-year 2012 and any historical references to earnings performance will be made on a continuing operations basis and exclude significant items.Our comments about first-quarter
Du Pont (E.I.)	morning, everyone. Welcome. Thank you for joining us today for DuPont's first-quarter 2003 (sic-see press release &quot;2013&quot;) performance call with investors. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jim Borel, Executive Vice President of our Ag and Nutrition & Health segments.The slides for today's presentation can be found on our website along with the news release we issued this morning. During the course of this conference call we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you review the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website.I would like to highlight first several changes that we have made this quarter in our reporting materials. We will now refer to
Du Pont (E.I.)	period. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) To listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may now begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, E. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY: Thank you, Curtis. Good morning and welcome. I'm pleased to be hosting this call. With me this morning are Chad Holliday, Chairman and CEO, Ellen Kullman, President and CEO-designate, and Jeff Keefer, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us is Jim Borel, Group Vice President of DuPont's agriculture business, who we have asked to join us for the Q&A session today.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that we are webcasting this call and you can access it through our website www. DuPont.com. We will be using slides today which are posted on the website, along with the press release that we issued this morning. I invite you to turn to slide two.During the course of this conference call we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not
Du Pont (E.I.)	posted on the website, along with the press release that we issued this morning. I invite you to turn to slide two.During the course of this conference call we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request you please refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release on our website. We have also posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our company's performance.With that, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Jeff Kiefer.JEFF KEEFER, CFO, E. I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY: Thanks very much, Karen. First I want to thank all the investors who are taking time to participate in our call today. Market conditions are difficult and we appreciate your time and interest.The entire nation and now the world
Du Pont (E.I.)	queue. To listen to the webcast please go to www.duPont.com.&nbsp;It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations.KAREN FLETCHER, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thank you, John. Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, CEO, and Jeff Keefer, CFO. The slides for today's call can be found on our website, DuPont. com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today.Please turn to slide two. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer to the reconciliation to GAAP statement provided with our earnings news release and on our website. And finally, we have posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our
Du Pont (E.I.)	listen to the webcast, please go to www.dupont.com. Thank you.It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Karen Fletcher, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.KAREN FLETCHER, VP, IR, DUPONT: Thank you, John. Good morning and welcome. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, CEO; Jeff Keefer, CFO and Nick Fanandakis, CFO-Designate.The slides for today's call can be found on our Web site at dupont.com along with the news release that was issued earlier today. Please turn to slide two. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements.Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our Web site. Finally, we've posted supplemental information on our Web site that we hope
Du Pont (E.I.)	forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website.And, finally, we have posted supplemental information on our website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance.It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen Kullman.ELLEN KULLMAN, CEO & CHAIR, DUPONT: Great. Thank you, Karen. DuPont turned in a strong third quarter with underlying earnings of $0.69 per share, double-digit sales increases in all segments and regions and our relentless focus on execution contributed to these outstanding results. Our Agriculture and Nutrition and Health segments, which represent nearly a third of DuPont annual sales, benefited from strong secular demand related to food and production agriculture.
Du Pont (E.I.)	welcome, everyone. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, EVP and CFO. The slides for today's call can be found on our website at dupont.com, along with the news release that was issued earlier today.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide two for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer to the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with the earnings news release and on our website.And finally, we have posted supplemental information on the website that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance.It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen.ELLEN KULLMAN, CEO & CHAIRMAN, DUPONT: Great. Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to slide three for
Du Pont (E.I.)	news release that was issued earlier today.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide two for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions.We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you review the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website. As a reminder, our comments on today's call regarding earnings are on an underlying basis. Please see Schedules B and C in the earnings news release for a listing of significant items and their impact by segment.Additionally, comments on today's call regarding Company results are on a continuing operations basis, unless specifically noted otherwise. We've posted supplemental information on our website, including Company restatements, that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance.It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen.ELLEN KULLMAN,
Du Pont (E.I.)	website outlining the key focus points of our plan and I invite you to read it. The bottom line is DuPont today is on a springboard for growth from new science, new products and new markets. I will discuss this later in today's call. But also I want you to attend our upcoming meeting on March 14 for investors. We will introduce in our press release today and we will explain our acceleration plans in more detail. Let me now turn the call over to Carl to kick things off.CARL LUKASH, VP INVESTOR RELATIONS, DUPONT: Okay, thank you, Chad. I needed to first take care of administrative items and then Jeff is going to walk you through our highlights and performance. I will come back after Jeff with our customary platform review and then we will go back to Chad. For those of you accessing this call through our website, DuPont.com, we will be using slides today.Please turn to slide two. During the course of this conference call we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations the statements are not guarantees of future performance but
Du Pont (E.I.)	our web site, DuPont.com, we will be using slides today. Please turn to slide two.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We also will refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our web site. We have also posed to our web site supplemental information that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our company's performance.With that, I'll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Keefer.JEFF KEEFER, CFO, DUPONT: Thanks, Carl and good morning everyone.Our first quarter results highlight the diversity of our products, end use markets and global presence. The combination of these factors produced very strong results for the quarter. Specifically, strong Ag performance, growth and emerging markets, pricing actions, favorable currency and productivity
Du Pont (E.I.)	my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Carl Lukach, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.CARL LUKACH, VP OF IR, DUPONT: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining today's webcast covering DuPont's first quarter 2008 financial results and outlook. With me today are Chad Holliday, Chairman and CEO, Jeff Keefer, Chief Financial Officer, Ellen Kullman, Executive Vice President and Head of Sales and Marketing and Robert Fry from our economist office.In addition to our normal report on the quarter, we have asked Ellen to cover what we are hearing in key end use markets and Robert to share with you his key economic forecast that we are using as a factor in our outlooks. But first, the administrative items for those of you accessing this call through our web site, DuPont.com, we will be using slides today. Please turn to slide two.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We
Du Pont (E.I.)	Sir, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;CARL LUKACH, VP-IR, DUPONT: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining today's webcast covering DuPont's second quarter 2008 financial results and outlook. We apologize for the 10-minute delayed start this morning due to some technical difficulties on our phone lines. I'll remind you that a replay of today's call is available afterwards on our website. So let's get started. With me today are Chad Holliday, Chairman and CEO of Dupont; Jeff Keefer, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Borel, Group Vice President of Dupont's Production Agriculture businesses. Since growth in agriculture was a key factor in our second quarter results, and there's lots of news this time of year in production agriculture, we have asked Jim to join the call and share with you his insights on his businesses and their performance in the quarter and outlook.But first, the administrative items. For those of you accessing this call through our website, dupont.com, we will be using slides today. Please turn to Slide 2. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect
Du Pont (E.I.)	agriculture, we have asked Jim to join the call and share with you his insights on his businesses and their performance in the quarter and outlook.But first, the administrative items. For those of you accessing this call through our website, dupont.com, we will be using slides today. Please turn to Slide 2. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review Dupont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We also will refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you please refer to the reconciliations to GAAP measures -- GAAP statements provided with your earnings news release and on our website. We have also posted on our website supplemental information that we hope is helpful to your understanding of our Company's performance. So with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Chad Holliday.CHARLES O. HOLLIDAY, JR., CHAIRMAN & CEO, DUPONT:
Du Pont (E.I.)	for joining us to cover DuPont's third-quarter 2013 performance. Joining me are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO, and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO.The slides for today's presentation can be found on our website along with our news release. Please note that we also posted our third-quarter segment performance slides and outlook commentary this morning.During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you review the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website.For today's agenda, Ellen will start with opening comments; Nick will review our third-quarter financial performance and near-term outlook; and I will provide business segment insights. We will conclude with Ellen's comments, followed by your questions.With that introduction, it
Du Pont (E.I.)	the strong performance for Ag & Nutrition platform, and also cover the outlook for next quarter and next year. Then I will come in and cover the four other DuPont platforms performance, and how we see the coming quarter. After that Chad will share with you his insights on our fourth quarter, and on our outlook for the total company for 2007. I will then use the remaining time to answer your questions.As a reminder this call is being webcast and is open to the media on a listen-only mode basis. A separate call is scheduled for 10:15 Eastern Standard time today to respond to questions from the media. During the course of this conference call we may make forward-looking statements, all statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.I would like to call your attention to the supplemental information we released this morning with our earnings release. We have
Du Pont (E.I.)	Chief Innovation Officer and Executive Vice President for Electronics & Communications Technology platform.&nbsp;For our agenda today, first Jeff will review our first quarter results, then next we'll move to our platforms. For this quarter, we've asked Ellen and Tom to cover the performance of their platforms. After which, I'll cover our remaining platforms, including our Pharmaceutical income, Cozaar. After that, Chad will share with you his summary comments.Please turn to slide two. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or expectations about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's S.E.C. filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. I invite to you please see the supplemental information that we've posted on our website this morning, including the slides that we will use in today's webcast.With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Keefer.JEFF KEEFER, CFO, E.I. DU PONT DE NEMOURS AND COMPANY: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, everyone. Please turn
Du Pont (E.I.)	will cover our remaining platforms. After that, Chad will share with you his summary comments.&nbsp;Let me take care of a few administrative items. Please turn to slide two. During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We invite to you please take a look at the supplemental information that we posted on our website today, including the slides that we will use with today's Webcast. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Keefer.JEFF KEEFER, EVP & CFO, DUPONT: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, everyone. Over the next few minutes, I will review the quarter and year-to-date results in detail for you, as well as frame our second half expectations. The highlights of our second quarter and first half results were our strong volume growth outside the U.S., continued positive pricing, our
Du Pont (E.I.)	Please turn to slide two.&nbsp;During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements. All statements and addressed expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements although they reflect our current expectations these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially.We also invite you to please see the supplemental information we have posted on our website this morning, including the slides that we will use with today's webcast. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Keefer. Jeff ?JEFF KEEFER, CFO, DUPONT: Thanks very much, Carl and good morning everyone. The third quarter was challenging with rising ingredient costs, and persistent weakness in certain U.S. markets, yet we ended with strong results. The key points are we drove strong top line growth of 6% globally and 11% outside of the U.S. Excluding portfolio changes, sales grew 7% by a 12% increase in sales in our international markets. Our underlying third quarter earnings per share, grew 20%. We increased third quarter
Diageo PLC	believe all demonstrate the strength of the business that we've worked hard to create in the last three years. Also in this period, we've delivered improved returns to our shareholders with a further 256 million pounds of on market share repurchases, and you will have noted a 7 percent increase in the interim dividend.So with that introduction, what I think is most productive is now to turn it over to your questions.OPERATOR: (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) Ricky Sandler (ph).RICKY SANDLER, ANALYST: Can you guys just talk about based on where the equity markets are and your funded status on the pension is what the impact is likely to be in fiscal '05? I know I guess fiscal '04 is kind of set because it's based off the year-end balance sheet, but what are we looking at for next year?PAUL WALSH: I will ask Nick to take you through that, only to say that we have in these results adopted FRS 17 and we did have a schedule that articulated some of the impact on our results as a consequence of that. But let me hand over to Nick to take that question.NICK ROSE, FINANCE DIRECTOR, DIAGEO PLC: Let me try and do
Diageo PLC	share gains from our well managed brands and effective routes to market. And that's underpinned by our scale as the world's leading premium drinks company. In addition, in the current environment, we are benefitting from the positive impact of exchange rate movements. And this is why I think it likely to continue into the next financial year.We will continue to invest in this business. Marketing activity behind our core premium brands is up. Our innovation pipeline is bringing some of our most successful brand launches to market. And we continue to build our scale in emerging markets.The organizational review we have announced today is part of that investment in our future. It will reduce costs at a time when price increases may be more difficult to achieve. And it will remove a layer in the business, which means that in an environment where things are changing fast, we remain agile to changing consumer and customer trends.The whole program is designed to ensure that Diageo emerges from this global economic downturn as an even stronger business for the future.The half year results we issued today cover a period of unprecedented economic change. However, we've managed this impact, and the impact it's
Diageo PLC	media-read deflation and spend behind ready-to-print brands was reduced. Operating margins improved a further 40 basis points.We've generated strong free cash flow and returned GBP879 million to shareholders, while maintaining our strong financial position. And again, we have increased our interim dividend by 5%. Our brand additions, Ketel One Vodka, Rosenblum Cellars, and Zacapa Rum increased reported net sales by GBP97 million.If we move to the regions now, in North America, as a result of consumers switching to premium and standard brands, we changed our focus. In the Super and Ultra Premium segments, we focused spend on Ciroc and Don Julio. And in the Premium segment, we increased spend behind our key brands of Smirnoff, Jose Cuervo, and Captain Morgan. The strength of these brands in our Premium Spirits category was the key driver of first-half performance in North America.While US spirits industry volume growth has slowed, Diageo maintained its 30.4% share and continued to outperform major competitors, delivering volume growth in spirits, excluding ready-to-drink, of 4%. In beer, we have outperformed the import segment, but we have seen some pressure in Guinness, with the shift to the off-trade.In ready-to-drink, the market remains tough, and we have lost some share.
Diageo PLC	markets delivering top line growth of between 7% and 17%.Investment behind our priority brands and the introduction of new brands, which broaden our brand offering and build our routes to market, are the key drivers of growth in International. We continue to invest heavily behind our brands with marketing spend again up in line with sales. Focus is on the fastest growing markets, with spend in Europe down 7% but up in International by 24%, and on the priority brands with spend on Johnnie Walker, for example, up over 25%.Taken together, these actions delivered net sales growth of 5%, further margin improvement of 20 basis points, and 7% growth in organic profit. That top and bottom line growth has led to improvements in all key measures for the 13th consecutive reporting period.While reported EPS is up 24% as a result of the change in tax rates year-on-year, underlying EPS is up 11%, reflecting our operating performance improvement and our share buyback program.Return on invested capital is up a further 1.2 percentage points to 16.8%, reflecting the disposal of our remaining General Mills shares and our focus on high return, premium drinks. Free cash flow at &pound;651m, again demonstrates that our
Diageo PLC	we have delivered strong top-line growth driven by focus on our premium brands, and a superior route to market for spirits in the US. We continue to outperform this growing market, registering volume share gains of 40 basis points across our spirits portfolio, with our premium brands drawing volume share by 1.2 percentage points. Great brands and great marketing are driving strong growth for our beer brands, whilst in wine we now have a significant and growing presence in the profitable premium wine segment.In Europe, where the market dynamics are tough, we have created a more cost-efficient organization, and we've made choices as to where we invest to generate growth in spirits and wine. Our organization here has been designed to enable us to utilize our scale on a Pan-European basis.In International, our strategy to invest behind our brands and organization has led to strong top and bottom-line growth that you saw today. Performances of Johnny Walker and Smirnoff, where we have upweighted our marketing investment, have played a major part in delivering this growth. In International, we have also demonstrated how we use innovation to broaden our category reach, contributing to top-line growth.Our performance in the growing North American
Diageo PLC	we have faced. Consequently, we have delivered on our guidance with 7% organic operating profit growth. This organic growth, together with the buyback program, has resulted in double-digit underlying EPS growth.In addition to delivering top and bottom-line growth, we target strong free cash flow. This year we have generated almost &pound;1.4 billion of cash. Our focus on shareholder returns means that between our increased share buyback and dividend payments of over &pound;860 million, we have returned &pound;2.25 billion to our shareholders this year. This represents a 9% cash yield and total shareholder return in the year of 19%. We have reduced our capital base by over 5% this year, and indeed, since Diageo was formed, we have returned almost &pound;16 billion to shareholders.Before I talk to you about what we did to enable all of this to happen, Nick is going to take you through the details of the results. Nick?NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. As usual, I am going to assume that you've seen the results announcement we released this morning and just take you through some key points.This is the fourth year in which we've delivered 7% organic operating profit growth. Operating
Diageo PLC	of proven marketing campaigns and stronger execution of on-and-off trade sales programs, topline growth has been achieved across the business, with net sales up 8% for spirits, 11% for beer, 7% for wine, and 3% for ready to drink.The priority spirits brands continued to perform strongly, especially Smirnoff, Captain Morgan, and Jose Cuervo -- all brands that had double-digit net sales growth.Diageo's premium beer brands continue to broaden their consumer appeal through effective advertising campaigns and targeted product placement.In wine, following the acquisition in February 2005, Chalone has provided an additional [growth edge], and the performance of that business is ahead of expectations.The European business has been reorganized to build a cost-effective organization focused on profitable growth opportunities. The declines in the ready to drink segment in Europe and the challenges inherent in the Irish beer market have adversely impacted topline growth. However, Diageo's spirits brands in Europe and the beer brands outside of Ireland have performed well. Cost initiatives implemented in the year have improved operating margins, which have driven operating profit growth.In international, Diageo is well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities that are presenting themselves in the region's markets. Topline growth is accelerating and the international
Diageo PLC	the organic volume number? In North America, sorry.PAUL WALSH: Okay we - will --.NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Smirnoff, excluding RPD, i.e. the new products in North America, was actually flat in volume terms, and that was principally because, as I think you know, on the introduction of our new packaging, we took a fairly significant price increase which has somewhat held back the volume, but in net sales value terms, it was up 5%. So, excluding RPDs, it would be 0% on volume and 5% on [MSV].ANN CURTAIN: Okay. And then can -- staying in North America, can I get volume growth for Baileys?NICK ROSE: Baileys, 6% in North America in volume.ANN CURTAIN: Okay. And then your increased marketing spend by 9% behind priority brands. Are you getting an adequate return for that step-up -- stepped-up level of investment? How do you measure that?PAUL WALSH: We have a variety of tools to measure all of our advertising and marketing effectiveness, and we would say whilst there is always scope for improvement, we believe we are getting a bang for that particular investment. In fact, you know we try and test all of our marketing initiatives before the -- we
Diageo PLC	environment where price increases are more difficult to achieve, we have continued to pursue a value over volume strategy and we continue to implement price increases where possible.We have achieved a further 30 basis points of organic operating margin improvement, and this is the fifth successive year where we have improved our margin.We have improved our return on invested capital by a further 1.4 percentage points to 14.5%.Unfortunately, as Nick will explain in detail, EPS growth has been constrained by foreign exchange movements which cost us 5 percentage points in EPS growth.Our underlying performance supports our most important objective, which is to create shareholder value.Economic profit has increased by 19% to [GBP]657m as we again improved the spread against our weighted average cost of capital.And also Diageo's ability to generate free cash flow is becoming increasingly apparent. Free cash flow is up a further [GBP]241m this year to [GBP]1.5b. Our philosophy with respect to free cash flow is that it funds both share buy-back program and improvement in dividend. This year, we have again increased the dividend substantially in real terms, but we have moderated the pace of our buybacks in order to maintain the stronger financial ratios required in
Diageo PLC	have Deirdre Mahlan, our CFO designate, with us.As we expected, the year brought both challenges and opportunities, characterized by the mixed performance of the global economy. In developed markets, there has been a fragile and uncertain recovery. Consumers continue to search for value in their discretionary spend, and to shift from the on to the off trade. In contrast, there was continued strength in the developing markets of Latin America and Africa, the developing markets in Asia-Pacific recovered, and, in Europe, Russia returned to growth.Given the trading pattern of the previous year, we knew that the first half would be especially difficult and our results would improve in the second half. This is exactly how it played out. Net sales decline of 2% in the first half was replaced by second-half growth of 6%, with all four regions posting growth.The pricing environment was difficult throughout the year, and the weakness in the on trade limited our ability to trade consumers up. But, through innovation and improved on trade customer marketing, we created opportunities to grow, at the super-premium end. Our reserve brand portfolio grew strongly in Latin America and Global Travel, and Ciroc continued to outperform in the United States.In
Diageo PLC	implemented strict control of COGS and also production overheads, and that will certainly serve us well for the future. And we've invested in our developing markets.We enhanced our financial strength, which as you know is very important to me, and cash flow was exceptionally strong over at over GBP2 billion.Our return on invested capital improved once again, and in addition to all of this, we found, I think, a very innovative funding structure to address our pension deficit.There are many examples of great innovation and marketing which have resulted in share gains for our brands in about two-thirds of our top 20 markets. And we have significantly enhanced the benefits that we believe we get from working together with our key customers, and this clearly has improved the way in which our consumers shop our category in the off-trade. I think we are therefore positioned very well as we enter this new fiscal year.Having said that, and as I think we saw in the discussions this morning, this is still a very uncertain environment, in our view, and the level of economic recovery is therefore difficult to forecast, I'd say particularly in the developed markets.In contrast to that, in the
Diageo PLC	a consistent level of both top and bottom line growth.&nbsp;This is the first time we've reported our results using the regional organization we introduced in October 2004. We believe that this new organization improves our focus, and further improves the clarity of our reporting. Our performance in North America is strong, both by comparison with the spirits industry, and certainly in comparison with the wider consumer goods universe.We are encouraged by our performance in the US, and believe it demonstrates the strength of our business model based, as it is, on an advantaged route to market, coupled with truly leading brands. We've delivered further good levels of top and bottom line growth, mix improvement, margin improvement and share gains.In Europe, top-line growth is harder to achieve, and the further decline of the ready to drink segment here has resulted in negative mix. However, we are managing our cost base effectively and pulling back marketing investment in the declining ready to drink segment. As a result, we have delivered organic profit growth and margin improvement in Europe.Our International business operates in 100 different markets, many of them in some of the world's most volatile trading environments. Yet our brands, together with
Diageo PLC	goods universe. We increased share in the spirits, wine, and beer categories, as well as in the ready-to-drink segment. We are encouraged by these results, and believe our performance demonstrates the strength of our business model, based on an advantage route to market and leading brand.As you know, in Europe, the consumer environment is far more challenging. However, we are managing our cost base effectively and, as a result, have improved our margins and delivered organic profit growth.Bailey's had another great Christmas in Great Britain. The (indiscernible) smoking ban implemented in Ireland in 2004 had a huge impact on the beer market. However, we are cautiously optimistic about Guinness into share gains in the (indiscernible).International region comprises over 100 markets, many of them in some of the world's most volatile trading environment. Nevertheless, our brands and our market positions give us the ability to consistently, in aggregate, achieve good top and bottomline growth, while continuing to invest heavily behind our brands.Johnnie Walker is growing very well in Latin America, India, and China. Consistent advertising behind the Keep Walking campaign and our mentoring program are driving Johnnie Walker growth as it continues to maintain its #1 status.Share gains, good volume growth,
Diageo PLC	CFO. Deirdre will take you through the results that we released this morning in more detail and then I'll review the trends we have seen and the investments that we've made in the half. Our four regional presidents, Ivan Menezes, Andrew Morgan, Stuart Fletcher and Gilbert Ghostine and, Andy Fennell, our Chief Marketing Officer, will then join the two of us to take your questions.We are building momentum across the clear majority of our markets, double-digit growth in International, stronger performance in North America and an improving top-and bottom-line growth in Asia Pacific. The global economic recovery is uneven and Europe was weaker. The economy rebounded in Russia and Eastern Europe and we generated very strong growth.We grew modestly in markets such as France and Germany. However, in the rest of Europe we did face challenges. Weaker consumer and business confidence in Greece and Spain, import restrictions in Turkey and pressure on margins in GB from the shift from on-to off-trade and from Spirits to Wine; these depressed our performance in Europe in the half. However, mix improvement and focus on cost of goods led to gross margin improvement and we invested significantly in marketing; up 10% in the half.
Diageo PLC	Stuart Fletcher, Ivan Menezes, Andrew Morgan and Gilbert Ghostine. We also have Andy Fennell, our chief marketing officer, with us too.As we expected, this was a challenging six months. Economic and consumer trends in many markets, remained weak. And in addition, as you know, we had a tough comparison against Q1. However, while our results today reflect these headwinds, they also reflect our strengths. Nick will take you through our performance in more detail, in a moment, but here are the headlines.Organic net sales were down 6% in Q1, yet up 2% in Q2. So we finished the half slightly stronger than we anticipated, albeit still down 2% overall.Consumers are looking for value, but they are also looking to respected, leading brands, to deliver this value for them. We have responded with promotions designed to increase the visibility of our brands.We intend to maintain the share gains this has delivered on our priority brands, as the markets recover. Consumers haven't yet moved back to the on-trade in developed markets, and so we've seen our deluxe brands slow, down about 3% in net sales terms, against our standard brands, which were flat.In a difficult pricing environment, overall price mix was therefore
Diageo PLC	in Q1. Therefore, organic net sales were down 2% in the half and organic operating profit was down 3% in the half. However, EPS pre-exceptionals was up 5% due to favorable currency movements.We're particularly pleased with the free cash flow performance. This has been strong, driven by a number of changes to our working capital management, and we generated an increase of GBP517 million to almost GBP1 billion pre-restructuring charges. We have confidence in the business and we are, again, increasing the interim dividend by 5%.I will stop there and open it up for questions.Questions and AnswersOPERATOR: (Operator Instructions). John McMillin, Lord Abbett.JOHN MCMILLIN, ANALYST, LORD ABBETT & CO. LLC: Paul, there's a lot of skepticism in terms of you doing your full-year numbers. I just saw you on TV, and certainly, they were skeptical; the market seemed skeptical. Can you just kind of go into what type of topline trend you need to achieve this improved second half EBIT?PAUL WALSH: Sure. I think (multiple speakers) -- go ahead.JOHN MCMILLIN: And also some -- what -- when you say one-offs last year, what specifically are you relating to?PAUL WALSH: Well, let me ask Nick to cover the one-off costs. But
Diageo PLC	diversity. This is a strength, particularly in today's world. This year we've delivered 7% organic net sales growth. Stronger price mix improvement is primarily the result of our scotch strategy to focus on value over volume, but also reflects the price increases that we've implemented throughout the business.As a result, we've continued to expand our margins despite the tougher cost pressures that we face this year. Marketing spend, excluding Korea and ready-to-drink, was up 8%. And operating margins were up a total of 70 basis points. As a result, operating profit grew 9%.We have again generated strong free cash flow in a year in which we've invested heavily to support the future growth of the business, increasing our maturing scotch inventories and creating new distilling and bottling capacity for scotch.I'm now going to hand over to Nick who will take you through the results in detail. Then I'm going to describe the way in which our brands and markets are positioned for the year ahead. Nick.NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Thank you, Paul. And good morning everyone. And a very early good morning to those of you watching this in North America.As I always do, I'm going to assume that
Diageo PLC	We're recommending a full-year dividend per share of 34.35p, which will be up 5% on last year.Moving to the regions, in North America our priority brands -- Crown Royal, Captain Morgan, Smirnoff and Johnnie Walker -- delivered strong net sales growth, which more than offset the 10% net sales decline in ready-to-drink. These brands continued to gain value share and benefited from increased marketing spend.Crown Royal, Cask No. 16, Tanqueray Rangpur* and Smirnoff Cocktails all benefited from increased investment behind innovation. With a focus on luxury marketing, our superpremium brands grew 29%, driven by Ciroc and Don Julio, and we increased resource behind our reserve brand group to support future growth in this area.During the year we added Ketel One vodka, Zacapa rum and Rosenblum Cellars to our broad range -- sorry, to our brand range. These were already successful brands, and we intend to build on that success.In Europe the global priority brands were the key growth drivers with Johnnie Walker the main contributor benefiting from consistent advertising which increased awareness in the region.Smirnoff growth was supported by new marketing campaigns for Smirnoff Red in GB and the increased focus on Smirnoff Black in Poland. Baileys returned to growth
Diageo PLC	share and benefited from increased marketing spend.&nbsp;Crown Royal, Cask No. 16, Tanqueray Rangpur* and Smirnoff Cocktails all benefited from increased investment behind innovation. With a focus on luxury marketing, our superpremium brands grew 29%, driven by Ciroc and Don Julio, and we increased resource behind our reserve brand group to support future growth in this area.During the year we added Ketel One vodka, Zacapa rum and Rosenblum Cellars to our broad range -- sorry, to our brand range. These were already successful brands, and we intend to build on that success.In Europe the global priority brands were the key growth drivers with Johnnie Walker the main contributor benefiting from consistent advertising which increased awareness in the region.Smirnoff growth was supported by new marketing campaigns for Smirnoff Red in GB and the increased focus on Smirnoff Black in Poland. Baileys returned to growth with a successful Christmas season in GB and new TV advertising. Guinness saw net sales growth in both Great Britain and Ireland as it continued to outperform the category. In Ireland net sales were up 2%, and share gains were made in both the on and off trade driving an overall value share gain for Diageo in the
Diageo PLC	business, increasing our maturing scotch inventories and creating new distilling and bottling capacity for scotch.I'm now going to hand over to Nick who will take you through the results in detail. Then I'm going to describe the way in which our brands and markets are positioned for the year ahead. Nick.NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Thank you, Paul, and good morning everyone and a very early good morning to those of you watching this in North America.As I always do, I'm going to assume that you saw this morning's announcement and move straight to a review of the regions. As Paul outlined a moment ago, this is another good set of results. Over 50% of our top and bottom line growth came from international, while operating margin expansion in North America drove over 40% of our operating profit growth.In North America, we've continued to grow the top and bottom line through focus on our priority brands. These brands continued to gain share and their growth more than offset the 10% net sales decline in ready-to-drink, so that excluding RTD, net sales grew 8%. Value brands declined as we focused on our priority brands. And our overall share was broadly maintained,
Diageo PLC	this is the first time that we've presented our results solely on the web from our offices here in London. Our aim is to make it easier for you to access this presentation and use your time more efficiently.The change in medium is the only change that we've made today. Nick and I will present the results in the usual format. And then, we will be joined by the four regional presidents, to take your questions.Our results today show the consistent growth which we aim to deliver across these key financial measures. Against the same period last year we've seen an acceleration in top line growth from 6% to 7% driven by our robust pricing strategies across many markets.Growth in marketing spend was impacted by the reduction in spend in Korea. But outside of Korea, spend on our non-ready to drink brands again increased ahead of sales, up 8% in the half. Operating margin increased yet again this year, up 80 basis points, on an organic basis to 25% despite increases in commodity costs.Operating profit growth is in line with our previous guidance. And we've reiterated our full year guidance for 9% organic operating profit growth.This time last year we
Diageo PLC	year guidance for 9% organic operating profit growth.This time last year we said our investment in the future growth of scotch would impact our free cash flow. This, together with some factors which are specific to the half and which Nick will cover later, means our free cash flow is lower than in the prior period. However given the overall strong cash flow characteristics of the business we returned over GBP1 billion to shareholders and we have increased our dividend by a further 5%.The results for this half again demonstrate the successful execution of our strategy. We are investing behind our brands and our routes to market and delivering consistent growth.As usual, Nick is going to take you the through key drivers of our financial performance. And then later, I will look at the investment that we've made in the four regions to build our platform for future growth. Nick.NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Thank you Paul. Good morning everyone. As Paul said, this is the first set of results we've presented without an audience in front of us. But as on previous occasions, I'm going to assume that you've seen this morning's announcement and just take you through the
Diageo PLC	organic operating profit growth for the full year.The strong cash flow characteristics of the business mean that we returned over GBP1 billion to shareholders and have increased our dividend for the half by a further 5%. Our growth has been broad-based across all major spirits categories, and net sales of spirits were up 7%. In beer, net sales were up 8%, and our wine brands were up 11%, whilst ready-to-drink brands were down slightly by 1%.There were a number of very strong performances from our core brands. In scotch, our biggest category, Johnnie Walker, has again delivered double-digit growth, and J&B and Buchanan's have also performed well. Outside of scotch, we have seen strong performance once again from our core brands, particularly Smirnoff and Captain Morgan, and in beer, Guinness, which delivered growth in both GB and Ireland, as well as its international markets.Let me now move to our performance by region. In North America, we delivered good net sales growth, up 6% in the half. Performance in the U.S. spirit industry continues to be polarized, with weakness in the value segment -- that is, brands selling below $10 a bottle. This segment represents less than 10% of our U.S.
Diageo PLC	11%, whilst ready-to-drink brands were down slightly by 1%.&nbsp;There were a number of very strong performances from our core brands. In scotch, our biggest category, Johnnie Walker, has again delivered double-digit growth, and J&B and Buchanan's have also performed well. Outside of scotch, we have seen strong performance once again from our core brands, particularly Smirnoff and Captain Morgan, and in beer, Guinness, which delivered growth in both GB and Ireland, as well as its international markets.Let me now move to our performance by region. In North America, we delivered good net sales growth, up 6% in the half. Performance in the U.S. spirit industry continues to be polarized, with weakness in the value segment -- that is, brands selling below $10 a bottle. This segment represents less than 10% of our U.S. spirits business and is not a priority for us.In contrast, our priority spirits brands have continued to grow, with particularly strong performance by Crown Royal, Smirnoff, Johnnie Walker and Captain Morgan Original Spiced Rum. We are also driving stronger growth of our super-premium brands as a result of the increased focus that these brands now receive through the Reserve Brand Group. Our premium wine brands are also
Diageo PLC	we have returned nearly GBP1.25b to shareholders in this half. In addition, we are increasing our interim dividend per share a further 5%, maintaining our high payout ratio.Before I take you through the drivers of our strong performance this half, Nick is going to take you through the details of the results. Nick.NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Thank you Paul. Good morning everyone. As on previous occasions I am going to assume that you've seen the results announcement we released this morning and therefore just take you through the key points.These results demonstrate that the changes we have made over the last few years, including strengthening our route to market in countries such as the U.S., and increasing our investment in growing markets, such as Brazil and China, are now leading to improved performance at both the top and bottom line. Against fiscal '06, we have delivered better price and mix. And therefore net sales growth is higher. This has led to higher levels of operating margin improvement while investing more behind our brands.So, first, moving to performance by region. Firstly, North America. The priority spirits brands drove the volume growth and the mix improvement we have delivered. Four brands
Diageo PLC	and 7, we will have the financial capacity to fund a share buyback program of around GBP1b.Let me now give you an overview of our performance by region, first in North America. This was the key driver of our performance and that was continued share gains in the U.S. spirits market. Our priority brands drove volume growth and mix improvement, with strong demand for Smirnoff, Baileys, Captain Morgan and Jose Cuervo. This growth, together with price increases on about 35% of the volume, generated four percentage points of price mix improvement and led to operating profit growth of 11%.In Europe, we had strong growth in the continental European hub, led by Johnny Walker, Smirnoff and Baileys. However, this was offset by weaker volume performance, mainly in Great Britain, but also in Ireland and Spain. In Russia, our new organization has delivered the mix improvement and the higher profitability that we expected.In International, performance was driven by a focus on key brands in growth markets, innovation, additional high levels of marketing spend and improved sales execution with customers. Diageo's Scotch brands were the key driver of top line mix improvement. In the deluxe Scotch segment, brands such as Windsor in Korea
Diageo PLC	And, this year, operating margin has improved a further 40 basis points. Operating profit growth is therefore up from 7% last year to nearly 9% this year.This stronger growth, together with the buyback program has generated 13% underlying growth in EPS, which, again, is up from 10% last year.Looking to the key measures of Diageo's financial strength, free cash flow generation continues to be a key measure of success. Again, this year, we have generated almost GBP1.4b, allowing us to return a further GBP2.3b to shareholders, and reduce our capital base by a further 5%.We have delivered our operating and financial objectives and strengthened our business across all four regions.I am going to talk later about what we have done in each region to build our brands and build our routes to market this year. And how that has enabled us to increase our guidance for organic operating profit growth in 2008 to 9%.But, before that, Nick is now going to take you through the results in more detail.Nick.NICK ROSE, CFO, DIAGEO PLC: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. As on previous occasions I am going to assume that you've seen this morning's announcement and, therefore, just take you through
Diageo PLC	in North America and international, and acceleration in the second half in Europe and Asia-Pacific, our focus on value delivered improvement across all four regions. In North America, price increases, a mix improvement, delivered top and bottom-line growth as well as share gains. Spirits, beer and wine all grew net sales 8%.Total operating profit grew 12%, and Diageo again outperformed the U.S. spirits market with share gains in key brands such as Captain Morgan, Smirnoff, Baileys and Crown Royal.In Europe, we achieved strong full year growth in continental Europe due to our focus on premiumization, innovation with Smirnoff Black and Baileys Flavors, and reallocation of spending towards key brands such as Johnnie Walker. Russia's year-on-year performance significantly improved after the disruption around strip stamps in the first half was resolved, with net sales up 63%.The rest of Europe delivered strong results in the second half following the focus on core spirits in G.B., an increased presence in the off- trade in Ireland, and new routes to market and sales force efficiency in Spain.In international, we continued to deliver strong top-line growth and share gains in some of the world's fastest-growing markets. Our scotch strategy in Latin America continued to drive
Danaher Corp.	that in order to help you understand the company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call. It's possible that actual results might differ from those predictions that we might make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ from these predictions is available in our SEC filings.With respect to any non-GAAP financial measure provided during the call today, the accompanying information required by SEC Regulation G relating to those measures can be found on our Web site, www.danaher.com under the section Investor News. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.LARRY CULP, PRESIDENT AND CEO, DANAHER CORPORATION: Thanks, Andy. And good morning, everyone. We're very pleased to report this morning that our fourth quarter EPS were 97 cents. Excluding a gain related to pension curtailment of 9 cents, which represented another record quarter for Danaher and a 23% increase over last year's fourth quarter EPS, of 79 cents before special credits related to real estate gains and the reversal of unutilized reserves related to 2001 restructuring activities. Including the pension curtailment gain, fully diluted EPS for the fourth quarter were $1.06. For the year, EPS before the pension
Danaher Corp.	will be replayed through April 26th. The replay number is 706-645-9291, ID code 6746257. I'll repeat these numbers at the end of the call.&nbsp;I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during this call which involve risk and uncertainties. These include risks and uncertainties related to customer supplier relationships in prices, competition, market demand, litigation and other contingent liabilities.The integration and operation of acquired businesses and economic, political, governmental, and technological factors affecting the company's operations, markets, products, services and prices among others as set forth in the company's SEC filings. It is possible that actual results might differ from those predictions that we might make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ from these predictions is available in our SEC filings.With respect to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call today, the accompanying information required by SEC regulation G relating to those measures can be found on our website, www.danaher.com under the section Investor News. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.LARRY CULP, PRESIDENT, CEO, DANAHER: Thank you, Andy. Good morning, everyone. We are
Danaher Corp.	call can be found under the same heading, &quot;Investor News&quot;.This call will be replayed through Monday, July 26th, and the audio portion will be archived on our Web site later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 706-645-9291, with the confirmation code of 8676766. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the company's direction we will be making some forward-looking statements during this call which involve risks and uncertainties. These include risks and uncertainties related to customer and supplier relationships and prices, competition, market demand, litigation and other contingent liabilities, the integration and operation of acquired businesses, and economic, political, governmental, and technological factors affecting the company's operations, markets, products, services, and prices among others as set forth in the company's SEC filings.It's possible that actual results might differ from these predictions that we make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ from these predictions is available in our SEC filings.With respect to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call today, the accompanying information required by SEC Regulation G
Danaher Corp.	IR, DANAHER: Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, the slide presentation supplementing today's call, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call, are all available in the investor section of our website, Danaher.com, under the heading earnings and they will remain there following the call.As our year-end form 10-K has not yet been filed, we've included as part of the earnings release the fourth quarter and full year income statement, year-end balance sheet and full year cash flow statement. In addition we've included data in the release reflecting our business segments as well as supplemental income statement data to facilitate your analysis. Also the audio portion of the call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading Web Events, and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of the call will also be available until January 30. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in
Danaher Corp.	thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, Form 10-Q, a slide presentation, supplementing today's call and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investor section of our website, Danaher.com under the heading Earnings and will remain there following the call. Also, the audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading Web Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until April 29. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally. With a confirmation code of 279-7420. I'll repeat this information at the end of this call for late arrivals. During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance.Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation, our earnings release, Form 10-Q and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call for additional factors
Danaher Corp.	Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our second-quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investor section on our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading Financial Information Quarterly Earnings and will remain available following the call.The audio portion of this call will be archived on the Investor section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until July 25, 2013. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally and the confirmation code is 552-7091.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the supplemental materials in our second-quarter Form 10-Q for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. All references in these remarks and the accompanying presentation to earnings revenues and other Company specific financial metrics relate only to the continuing operation of Danaher's business unless otherwise (technical difficulty).I would
Danaher Corp.	portion will be archived on our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 800-642-1687 and the confirmation code is 3971284. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for any late arrivals. I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during this call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future.These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to litigation and other contingent liabilities, our ability to achieve projected efficiencies, cost reductions, sales growth and earnings, economic conditions in the in-markets we sell into, our ability to expand our business in new geographic markets, commodity costs and surcharges, competition, market demand for our new products, currency exchange rates, changes in the market for acquisitions and divestitures, the integration of acquired businesses, regulatory approval, and the Company's ability to consummate announced acquisitions and general economic conditions.It's possible that actual results might differ from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may
Danaher Corp.	6658217. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for those that are arriving late.I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during this call including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future.These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including those related to litigation and other contingent liabilities, our ability to achieve projected efficiencies, cost reductions, sales growth and earnings, economic conditions and the end markets to sell into, our ability to expand our business in new geographic markets, commodity costs and surcharges, competition, market demand for our new products, currency exchange rates, changes in market for acquisitions and divestitures, the integration of acquired businesses, regulatory approvals and the Company's ability to consummate announced acquisitions and general economic conditions.It's possible that actual results might differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available in our SEC filings.These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made
Danaher Corp.	of the call for late arrivals.&nbsp;I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during this call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to litigation and contingent liabilities, our ability to achieve projected efficiencies, cost reductions, sales growth and earnings, economic conditions in the end markets we sell into, our ability to expand our business in new geographic markets, commodity costs and surcharges, competition, market demand for new products, currency exchange rates, changes in the market for acquisitions and divestitures, the integration of acquired businesses, regulatory approvals and the Company's ability to consummate announced acquisitions and general economic conditions. It's possible that actual results might differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is available in our SEC filings. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking
Danaher Corp.	confirmation code is 9244163. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies, our ability to expand our business in new geographic markets, our ability to identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions, litigation, and other contingent liabilities including intellectual property matters, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, our ability to achieve projected efficiencies, cost reductions, sales growth and earnings, economic conditions in end markets we sell into, commodity costs and surcharges, currency exchange rates, tax audits and general domestic and international economic conditions.It is possible that actual results might differ materially from any forward-looking statements we might make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ from those forward-looking statements are available in our SEC filings. These forward-looking statements speak
Danaher Corp.	statements during this call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including those related to litigation and other contingent liabilities, our ability to achieve projected efficiencies and cost reductions, sales growth and earnings, economic conditions in the end-markets we sell into, our ability to expand our business in new geographic markets, commodity costs and surcharges, competition, market demand for our new products, currency exchange rates, changes in the market for acquisitions and divestitures, regulatory approvals and our ability to consummate announced acquisitions, as well as the integration of acquired businesses.It is possible that actual results might differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available in our SEC filings, including our 2004 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and second quarter 2005 quarterly report on Form 10-Q.With respect to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call today, the accompanying information required by SEC Regulation G relating to those measures can be found on our website, www.Danaher.com,
Danaher Corp.	confirmation code is 9749427. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will make some forward-looking statements during this call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events to differ materially from those suggested by forward-looking statements, including risks and uncertainties related to litigation and other contingent liabilities; our ability to achieve projected efficiencies and cost reductions; sales growth and earnings; economic conditions in the end markets we sell into; our ability to expand our business in new geographic markets; commodity costs and surcharges; competition; market demand for our new products; currency exchange rates; changes in the market for acquisitions and divestitures; regulatory approvals; and our ability to consummate announced acquisitions and the integration of acquired businesses.Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available in our SEC filings, including our 2004 annual report on Form 10-K and the third-quarter 2005
Danaher Corp.	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our third quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor section of our website www.danaher.com under the heading &quot;earnings&quot; and will remain available following the call.The audio portion of the call will be archived on the investor section of the website later today under the heading investor events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of the call will be available until October 26. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally. The confirmation code is 4297828. During the presentation we will describe certain more significant factors that impact year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation.Our earnings release, our third quarter Form 10-Q and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. I'd also like to note that we'll be making some forward-looking statements during the call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may
Danaher Corp.	end of the call for late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call which involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties related to customers, prior relationships and prices, competition, market demand, litigation and other contingent liabilities, the integration operation of acquired businesses, and economic, political and governmental and technological factors affecting the Company's operations, markets, products, services and prices among others is set forth in the Company's SEC filings.It's possible that actual results might differ from those predictions that we might make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ from these predictions is available in our SEC filings.With respect to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call today, the accompanying information required by SEC Regulation G relating to those measures can be found on our Web site, www.Danaher.com, under the section, Investor News.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Larry.LARRY CULP, PRESIDENT & CEO, DANAHER: Andy, thank you. Good morning, everyone. It is indeed a good morning in Red Sox nation. We were very pleased to report this morning
Danaher Corp.	the same heading, Investor Events. This call can be replayed through January 31 and the audio portion will be archived on our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 800-642-1687 and the confirmation code is 1307910. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for the late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call which involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties related to customers, supplier relationships, and prices, competition, market demand, litigation, and other contingent liabilities, the integration and operation of acquired businesses, and economic, political, governmental, and technological factors affecting the Company's operations, markets, product, services, and prices, among others, as set forth in the company's SEC filings. It is possible that actual results might differ from those predictions that we might make today. Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ from these predictions is available in our SEC filings.With respect to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call today, the accompanying information required by SEC Regulation G relating to
Danaher Corp.	Mr. McGrew, you may begin your conference.MATT MCGREW, VP - INVESTOR RELATIONS, DANAHER CORPORATION: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our first-quarter Form 10-Q, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call, are all available in the investors section of our website, www.danaher.com, under the heading Earnings, and will remain available following the call. The audio portion of this call will be archived in the investors section of the website later today under the heading Investor Events. It will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until April 26. The play number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally. The confirmation code is 8183339.During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation, our earnings release, our first-quarter Form 10-Q, and other related presentation
Danaher Corp.	Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our first quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling of other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor section on our website, www.danaher.com under the heading financial information and subheading quarterly earnings and will remain available following the call. The audio portion of the call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading investor events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until April 26, 2012. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally and the confirmation code is 4431956.During the presentation we will describe certain of more significant factors that impacted year over year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation, our earnings release, our first quarter Form 10-Q and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call for additional factors that impacted year over year performance. All references in these remarks in the accompanying presentation to
Danaher Corp.	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our second-quarter Form 10-Q, and the reconciling other information required by SEC Regulations G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during are all available on the investor section of our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading &quot;financial information&quot; and sub-heading &quot;quarterly earnings&quot;, and will remain available following the call. The audio portion of this call will be archived in the investor section of our website later today under the heading &quot;investor events&quot; and will remain available until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until Thursday, July 26. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US, and 719-457-0820 internationally, and the access code is 130-4801.During the presentation, we'll describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the earnings release or 10-Q and other materials previously referenced for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. In these remarks, and the accompanying presentation, all references to earnings, revenues and other Company-specific financial metrics relate only to the continuing operation of Danaher's businesses, unless otherwise noted. We will also make
Danaher Corp.	slide presentation supplementing today's call and reconciling other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investor Section of our website www.danaher.com under the heading &quot;earnings&quot; and will remain available following the call.As our year-end Form 10-K has not yet been filed, we've included as part of the earnings release the fourth quarter and full year income statement, year-end balance sheet and full year cash flow statement. In addition, we've included data in the release reflecting our business segment results as well as supplemental income statement data to facilitate your analysis.The audio portion of the call will be archived in the investor section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until February 2. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally. The confirmation code is 574-2258. I'll repeat that information at the end of the call for the late arrivals.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation. Our
Danaher Corp.	and thanks for joining us. On the call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, the slide presentation supplementing today's call, our first quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any nonGAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investor Relations section of our website www.danaher.com under the heading earnings, and will remain available following the call.The audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until April 26th. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally, and the confirmation code is 3704331.During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation, our earnings release, our first quarter Form 10-Q and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance.I'd also like to
Danaher Corp.	call today are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Daniel Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our second-quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor section of our website, www.danaher.com, under the heading &quot;Earnings&quot; and were made available following the call. The audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading &quot;Investor Events&quot; and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until July 27. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally. The confirmation code is 6884014.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation, our earnings release, our second-quarter Form 10-Q and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. I'd also like to note that we're making some forward-looking statements during the
Danaher Corp.	are Larry Culp, our President, Chief Executive Officer, whose joining us from London instead of snowy Washington, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, whose joining me here in D.C.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any nonGAAP financial measures provided during the call, are all available in the investor section of our website www.danaher.com under the heading earnings and will remain available following the call. As our year-end Form 10-K has not yet been filed, we will include as part of the earnings release the fourth quarter and full-year income statement, year-end balance sheet and full-year cash flow statement. In addition, we've included data in the release reflecting our business segment results as well as supplemental income statement data to facilitate your analysis.The audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading investor events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay of this call will also be available until February 1. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US
Danaher Corp.	SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call, which we refer to as the supplemental materials are all available in the investor section of our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading financial information and will remain available following the call.As our year-end Form 10-K has not yet been filed we've included as part of the earnings release the fourth-quarter and full-year income statements, year-end balance sheet, and year-end cash flow statements. In addition we have included data in the release reflecting our business segments' results to facilitate your analysis. The audio portion of this call will be archived in the investor section of our work site later today under the heading investor events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until February 5, 2013. The replay is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally and the confirmation code is 2149164.During the presentation we'll describe certain of more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the supplemental materials in our annual report on Form 10-K when is filed for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. All references in these remarks and accompanying presentation of
Danaher Corp.	release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our first-quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investors section of our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading Financial Information and will remain available following the call. The audio portion of this call will be archived in the Investors section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call.A replay of this call will also be available until April 25, 2013. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally. The confirmation code is 5544079.During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the supplemental materials in our first-quarter Form 10-Q for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance.All references in these remarks and accompanying presentation to earnings, revenues and other Company-specific financial metrics relate only to the continuing operation of Danaher's business unless otherwise noted.I would also like to note that we will be making some statements during the call that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal
Danaher Corp.	are Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, form 10-Q, and slide presentation supplementing today's call and reconciling other information required by SEC Regulation G related to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor sections of the website, which is up and running at www.Danaher.com, under the heading &quot;earnings&quot;, it will be made available following the call. In addition the audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading &quot;web events&quot; and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until October 22. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. And 719-457-0820 internationally, and the confirmation code is 2942719. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for any late arrivals.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call as well as the MD & A section
Danaher Corp.	this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading &quot;web events&quot; and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until October 22. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. And 719-457-0820 internationally, and the confirmation code is 2942719. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for any late arrivals.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call as well as the MD & A section of our third quarter Form 10-Q for details regarding additional factors that impacted year over year performance. Also all references in this presentation to earnings, revenues and other Company specific financial metrics relate only to the continuing operation of Danaher's business unless otherwise noted.Our earnings for the period include the results of operation of Tektronix, which was acquired in the fourth quarter 2007. Included in our earnings are certain non-cash charges related to the Tektronix acquisition, For fair value adjustments to recorded inventory and deferred revenue which reduced total net earnings
Danaher Corp.	Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I would like to point out that our earnings release, Form 10-Q, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call, are all available in the Investor Relations section of our web site, www.danaher.com, under the heading Earnings and will remain available following the call. Also, the audio portion of this call will be archived in the Investor section of our web site later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until July 28th. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally. The confirmation code is 7112404. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation, our earnings release, Form 10-Q, and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please note that our EPS guidance to be provided at the end of
Danaher Corp.	Larry Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our earnings release, Form 10-Q, slide presentation supplementing today's call and the reconciling and other information required by the SEC, regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor's section of our website, www.danaher.com under the heading earnings and will remain available throughout the call. Also the audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading investor events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call.A replay of this call will also be available until October 27th. The number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally. The confirmation code is 8728742. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year over year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation, our earnings release, Form 10-Q and other presentation materials supplementing today's call for additional factors that impacted year over year performance.I'd also like to note that
Danaher Corp.	Chief Executive Officer and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC, Regulation G, relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor section of our website www.danaher.com under the heading Earnings and will remain available following the call.Because we acquired Beckman Coulter so close to the end of the quarter, we intend to file our second quarter Form 10-Q during the week of July 25. In the future we expect to return to our usual practice and file our 10-Q at the same time as we release earnings.The audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events, and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until July 28, 2011. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally, confirmation code is 421-4214.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the
Danaher Corp.	President and Chief Financial Officer.I'd like to point out that our Earnings Release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, our third quarter Form 10-Q, and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all provided in the investor section of our website, www.danaher.com under the heading Financial Information. And will remain available following the call. The audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of the website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until October 27, 2011. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US. And 719-457-0820 internationally. And the confirmation code is 4721216.During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation, our Earnings Release, our third quarter Form 10-Q and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. All references in these remarks and accompanying presentations to earnings, revenues and other Company-specific financial metrics relate only to the continuing operations of Danaher's businesses
Danaher Corp.	that our earnings release, the slide presentation supplementing today's call and reconciling and other information required by SE, Regulation G, relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the investor section of our website www.Danaher.com under the heading Financial Information, and will remain available following the call.As our year-end Form 10-K has not yet been filed, we have included as part of the earnings release, the fourth-quarter and full-year income statement, year-end balance sheet, and full year cash flow statements. In addition, we've included data in the release reflecting our business segment results to facilitate your analysis. The audio portion of this call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today under the headings Investor Events, and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until February 7, 2012. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US, and 719-457-0820 internationally, and the confirmation code is 4407361.During the presentation, we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation, our earnings release, the other related presentation material supplementing today's call and our
Danaher Corp.	I'd like to point out that our earnings release, a slide presentation supplementing today's call, and our third-quarter Form 10-Q and the reconciling and other information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available on the Investor section of our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading Financial Information and the subheading Quarterly Earnings, and will remain available following the call.The audio portion of this call will be archived on the Investor section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain available until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until Thursday, October 25. The replay number is (888) 203-1112 in the US and (719) 457-0820 internationally, and the access code is 9404363. During the presentation we'll describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the earnings release, Form 10-Q, and other materials previously referenced for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance.In these remarks and accompanying presentation all references to earnings, revenues, and other Company-specific financial metrics relate only to the continuing operation of Danaher's business, unless otherwise noted. We will also make forward-looking statements
Danaher Corp.	the period include the results of operations of Tektronix since its acquisition in November 2007. As we've previously discussed, included in Tektronix results are certain non-cash acquisition related charges for purchased in process research and development and a fair value adjustments to record inventory and deferred revenue which reduced net earnings by 66 million or $0.20 per diluted share in the quarter. In addition non-cash acquisition related charges in the 2008 first quarter and full year will be approximately $0.05 per share and $0.13 per share respectively. These charges are excluded from our earnings per share guidance to be provided at the end of the prepared remarks.Information with regard to the components of these charges will be included in our year-end Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC. Access to a webcast presentation supplementing today's call can be found under the heading of web events. This call will be replayed through January 28, and the audio portion will be archived on our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. Our website address is www.Danaher.Com. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. And 719-457-0820 internationally, and the confirmation code is 9944717. I'll repeat this
Danaher Corp.	a replay of this call will be available until April 21st. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. And 719-457-0820 internationally, and the confirmation code is 2384639. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying Webcast slide presentation and the MD&A section of our first quarter Form 10-Q for details regarding additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Also, all references in this presentation to earnings, revenues and other company-specific financial metrics relate only to the continuing operations of Danaher's business unless otherwise noted. Our earnings for the period include the results of operations of Tektronix, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2007. Included in Tektronix's results are certain non-cash acquisition related charges for the fair value adjustments to record inventory and deferred revenue, which reduced pretax earnings by $26 million and net earnings by $19 million, and diluted earnings per share by $0.06 in the quarter. Throughout the call, all references to non-cash acquisition-related charges for Tektronix relate to these items. In addition, the amount of these non-cash acquisition related charges for
Danaher Corp.	Culp, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to point out that our earnings release and 10-Q are available in the investor section of our website, Danaher.com, under the heading Earnings. Access to the slide presentation supplementing today's call can also be found on the Danaher website under the same heading. Both the audio of this call and the slide presentation will be archived on the website later today and will be available until the next quarterly call. In addition, a replay of this call will be available until April 21st. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. And 719-457-0820 internationally, and the confirmation code is 2384639. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying Webcast slide presentation and the MD&A section of our first quarter Form 10-Q for details regarding additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Also, all references in this presentation to earnings, revenues and other company-specific financial metrics relate only to the continuing operations of Danaher's business unless otherwise
Danaher Corp.	Officer, and Dan Comas, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I would like to point out that our earnings release, Form 10Q, a slide presentation supplementing today's call and reconciling and other information required by the SEC Regulation G to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available on our investor section of our website at Danaher.com under the heading earnings and will remain available following the call. In addition the audio portion of the call will be archived on the investor section of our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until is July 22nd. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. and 719-457-0820 internationally with the confirmation code of 4979941. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impact the year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call, as well as the MD&A section of our second quarter Form 10Q for details regarding additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Also, all
Danaher Corp.	our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until is July 22nd. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. and 719-457-0820 internationally with the confirmation code of 4979941. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.During the presentation we will describe certain of the more significant factors that impact the year-over-year performance. Please refer to the accompanying slide presentation and other related presentation materials supplementing today's call, as well as the MD&A section of our second quarter Form 10Q for details regarding additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Also, all references in the presentation to earning, revenues, and other specific financial metrics relate only to the continuing operations of Danaher's business unless otherwise noted. Our earnings for the period include the results of operations of Tektronix, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2007. Included in our earnings are certain noncash charges related to Tektronix acquisition for fair value adjustments to recorded inventory and deferred revenue, which reduced total net earnings by approximately $10 million or $0.03 per diluted share in the second quarter and approximately $29 million
Danaher Corp.	information required by SEC Regulation G relating to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call are all available in the Investors section of our website, www.Danaher.com, under the heading Financial Information Quarterly Earnings and will remain available following the call.The audio portion of this call will be archived on the Investors section of our website later today under the heading Investor Events and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. A replay of this call will also be available until October 24, 2013. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the US and 719-457-0820 internationally. Confirmation code is 1705356.During the presentation we will describe certain more significant factors that impacted year-over-year performance. Please refer to the supplemental materials in our third-quarter Form 10-Q for additional factors that impacted year-over-year performance.Unless otherwise noted, all references in these remarks and accompanying presentation of earnings, revenue, and other company-specific financial metrics relate to the third quarter of 2013 and relate only to the continuing operations of Danaher's business. And all references to period-to-period increases or decreases and financial metrics are year over year.I would also like to note that we will be making some statements during the call that are forward-looking statements
Danaher Corp.	This call will be replayed through January 29th, and the audio portion will be archived on our website later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call.Our website address is www.danaher.com. The replay number is 888-203-1112 and the confirmation code is 1672354. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we'll be making some forward-looking statements during the call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to competition, our ability to develop and successfully market new products and technologies, our ability to expand our business in new geographic markets, our ability to identify, consummate, and integrate appropriate acquisitions, litigation, and other continued liabilities including intellectual property matters, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, our ability to achieve projected efficiencies, cost reductions, sales growth and earnings, economic conditions and end markets we sell into it, commodity costs and surcharges, currency exchange rates, tax audits and general domestic and international economic conditions.It's possible
Danaher Corp.	segment margins for the relevant periods.The call will be replayed through April 30th and the audio portion will be archived on our Web site, danaher.com later today, and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 888-203-1112 with the confirmation code of 2704152. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for those that arrive late.I'd also like to note that in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we'll be making some forward-looking statements during the call including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties including those set forth in our SEC filings.It is possible that actual results might differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we do not intend to update any forward-looking statements.With respect to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call today, the accompanying information required by SEC Regulation G relating to those measures can be found in the Investor's section of our Web site, www.danaher.com, under the subheading
Danaher Corp.	the relative period.The call will be replayed through July 23 and the audio portion will be archived on our Web site later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 888-203-1112 and the confirmation code is 2914902. I will repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I'd also like to note that, in order to help you understand the Company's direction, we will be making some forward-looking statements during the call, including statements regarding events or developments that we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. It is possible that actual results might differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date that they are made, and we do not intend update any forward-looking statements.With respect to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call today, the accompanying information required by SEC Regulation G relating to those measures can be found in the Investor section of our Web site, www.Danaher.com, under the heading &quot;Earnings.&quot;One final note
Danaher Corp.	11:00 a.m. eastern time on October 23, and the audio portion will be archived on our Web site later today and will remain archived until our next quarterly call. The replay number is 888-203-1112 in the U.S. and 719-457-8020 internationally, and the confirmation code is 8349054. I'll repeat this information at the end of the call for late arrivals.I would also like to note that in order to help you understand the company's direction, we'll be making some forward-looking statements during the call including statements regarding events or developments we believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. It is possible that actual results might differ materially from any forward-looking statements that we might make today. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they're made, and we do not intend to update any forward-looking statements. With respect to any non-GAAP financial measures provided during the call today, the accompanying information required by SEC regulation G relating to those measures can be found in the investor section of our Web site, www.danaher.com, under the subheading, earnings.With that,
The Walt Disney Company	good afternoon and welcome to Walt Disney World. For those of you who missed my stimulating welcome earlier today, I welcome you now. We are really pleased about the enormous progress of our company and we look forward to sharing this information and all the excitement about it with you today and tomorrow.Let me first get one thing out of the way. As to the unsolicited offer that we received today, what I can tell you is that our Board met this morning and asked management and the company's advisors to provide an in-depth analysis of the proposal to enable the Board to respond appropriately.So, you're here at Walt Disney World, we're thrilled that you're here, we think that Walt Disney World defines the Disney Brand. I think as you've gone around you have seen a really excellent well-maintained creatively superb place which defines our brand and defines, I think our very bright future. The Disney brand, whether it's in television or wireless or cable is one of a kind and we're going to be very happy to go through it point by point with you over the next two days, as well as all of our non-Disney branded companies
The Walt Disney Company	earnings we are reporting today provide a further indication of the resurgence that is underway at the Walt Disney Company. As happens so often throughout our history we are benefiting from the unique strengths of our company. We are seeing solid resurgence in attendance at our theme parks fueled in part by our successful new rides and attractions.Exceptionally strong performance of recent DVD titles is driving the sustained growth of DVD sales in the United States and abroad. Our cable assets are performing incredibly well in both revenues and ratings. And Consumer Products is showing consistent strength based on product innovation and the vitality of our character properties. Despite the recent underperformance of some theatrical films and ABC primetime shows the company's earnings continue to grow impressively.Of course, I am optimistic about our film product for the rest of the year and am very enthusiastic about our new management at the network. It is very gratifying to see this performance improvement since it is consistent with what we have been saying for some time now. September 11th and the aftermath of a recession, global uncertainty and the war, has serious adverse effects on Disney as they did on so many
The Walt Disney Company	of Walt Disney Company. Please proceed.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, good afternoon, everyone. We want to welcome you to The Walt Disney Company's fourth quarter 2008 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago. It is now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and that will be available on our website as will a replay and a transcript of today's remarks. Joining me here in Burbank are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Tom will lead off with some comments and then we will of course be happy to take your questions. I will then come back to read the Safe Harbor provision. With that, let me turn the call over to Bob.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, very much, Lowell, and good afternoon. While we're announcing our fourth quarter and year end earnings today, there is no question that current business conditions and our response to them are of great interest and relevance and we will spend most of our time discussing them. We're pleased
The Walt Disney Company	accessed via our website. After the call, a replay and a transcript of today's remarks will also be available on our website.Joining me in Burbank today for the call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Tom are going to lead off with some comments. We will then, of course, turn it over to you guys for your questions.So, with that, let me turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you very much, Lowell, and good afternoon, everyone.Disney had a challenging first quarter with all of our lines of business impacted to various degrees, by what is likely to be the weakest economy in our lifetime. Consumers and companies both are scaling back expenditure, emphasizing savings over spending, and it's unclear when this will change. At the same time, certain of our businesses are experiencing signs of secular change, as competition for people's time is increasing and the abundance of choice is allowing consumers to be more selective. This clearly has had an impact on broadcast television and may have a long-term potential impact on the
The Walt Disney Company	Vice President of Investor Relations for Walt Disney Company. Please proceed.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP IR, WALT DISNEY CO.: Thanks, Michelle. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's second quarter 2009 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago. It's now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Today's call's also being webcast and the webcast will also be available on our website.After the call, a replay and a transcript of today's remarks will also be available on the website. Joining me for today's call in New York are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.Bob and Tom are going to lead off with some relatively brief remarks today and then we will leave plenty of time to answer your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob.ROBERT IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO, WALT DISNEY CO.: Thank you, Lowell. And good afternoon. Our second quarter performance reflected the weak global economy, as well as disappointing results at our movie studio. While we are now seeing some signs the economic downturn has stabilized, it's too early to make predictions about the timing and pace
The Walt Disney Company	release about 45 minutes ago. It's available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is being webcast, and we will post a transcript to our website after the call.Joining me in New York for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will make some comments followed by Jay, and then we will be happy to take some questions.So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob.BOB IGER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you very much, Lowell, and good afternoon, everyone. We had a strong second quarter, with earnings per share up 36% over last year when adjusted for comparability, driven primarily by studio, parks and resorts, and media networks. We are pleased with our overall performance, confident in our strategy, and thrilled with the stock price that keeps reaching new record highs.Of course, it's great to announce such a strong earnings just after we are rolling out another Marvel blockbuster, Iron Man 3, which had an incredible domestic opening, with almost $175 million. That makes it the second biggest opening weekend of all time, surpassed only by The Avengers.Internationally,
The Walt Disney Company	available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast, and after the call, we will post a transcript of the call to the website.Joining me for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jay is going to lead off today, he'll be followed by Bob, and then we will be happy to take your questions.So with that, let me turn it over to Jay, and we'll get going.JAY RASULO, SEVP & CFO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, Lowell, and good afternoon, everyone.Earnings per share in the third quarter, excluding items affecting comparability, were $1.03. Given the number of headwinds we faced in the quarter, we're very pleased with the financial results we delivered. In the third quarter, Media Networks was once again the largest contributor to our performance.Operating income at Cable Networks was up a healthy 12% in the quarter, while operating income at Broadcasting was down compared to last year. Our strong cable performance was due to continued growth at ESPN and higher equity income from our investment in A&E Television Networks. ESPN's growth was driven by increased affiliate revenue
The Walt Disney Company	And while I realize that thousands of people, American servicemen, other journalists are actually putting their lives on the line there, this one hit particularly close to home and so our thoughts go out to the families of Bob Woodruff and Doug Vogt.Turning to Pixar, which obviously has occupied a tremendous amount of our time and has gotten a significant amount of attention, I want to say just a few things about it, some consistent with what was said earlier, some kind of a postscript on the announcement that was made. As you know, feature animation is clearly a cornerstone of the Walt Disney Company. We talk about our primary strategic priority and that's creating great content so clearly buying Pixar is extremely consistent with that strategic priority. And given the fact that they are so incredibly successful at feature animation, this fits extremely well with our company's strategic priorities generally speaking.We are very happy with the talent that comes along with this deal, led by Ed Catmull who will run animation for both Disney and Pixar and of course John Lassiter who is an incredibly talented director and John will also have a role as a creative advisor to
The Walt Disney Company	our Company. Since our last earnings report, we closed our deal with Pixar, we launched an exciting new digital initiative for a number of our ABC programs; The Chronicles of Narnia became our highest-grossing live action film of all-time, and we continue to capitalize on its creative and commercial success with its release on DVD; our thrilling new attraction, Expedition Everest, became an instant hit with our guests at Walt Disney World; and Disney Channel's hit sensation High School Musical continued to set records on-air and on music charts. These activities and many more reflect how Disney continues to advance our three company-wide strategic priorities -- creativity and innovation, the application of technology, and global expansion to drive growth and long-term shareholder value. I'm confident that we are on the right strategic course and I'm pleased our entire organization is implementing against our priorities. Disney's number one priority is to allocate capital in the direction of high-quality, branded content and to deliver it to consumers all over the world through both traditional and new distribution methods, directly or through strong relationships with third parties. Technology is presenting enormous opportunities for us to distribute content more efficiently and effectively worldwide to
The Walt Disney Company	the call before 9:15 AM Eastern time. So let's get started. Bob?BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Wendy, and good morning. I am pleased to report that the strength of our earnings reflects solid performance across all of our segments. While Tom will provide greater detail shortly, I'd like to briefly offer a couple of observations and some thoughts about where we see the Company going in the future.On the last several earnings calls, we've discussed our continuing efforts to invest in the quality of our brands and content to best position Disney to deliver growth and shareholder value over the long term. Our current success is a direct outgrowth of this focus. Our results also demonstrate Disney's unique ability to capitalize on great content across multiple businesses, platforms and markets.Some highlights -- Disney Pixar's 'Cars' is a great example of this ability. It's the number one animated movie of the year and ranks as the number two domestic movie of the year in total box office receipts. 'Cars' also was a major factor in our consumer products growth this quarter with our broadest merchandise presence of any properties since 'The Lion King.' 'Cars' is currently the
The Walt Disney Company	record net income, record cash flow and record operating income for our 2006 fiscal year, bolstered by a strong fourth quarter performance. In doing so we delivered our fourth straight year of double digit earnings growth and continued to improve capital returns.Our performance is a tribute to a flourishing culture of creative excellence and a clear strategy executed by our strong Management team. The creation of high quality content, the use of technology to expand consumer access, and a focus on growing in international markets forms the core of our strategy. We are also building a portfolio of digital assets to enhance and expand Disney's creative offerings. Our goal is to connect more directly with consumers and to have them connect more directly to us, and we are investing in new platforms making new alliances and pursuing new opportunities.We believe our overall strategy can create a self- reinforcing cycle that produces great returns. Key franchises, both new and traditional, appear and reappear across different businesses, platforms, and markets, all along growing in new audiences of multiple generations.This was patently clear this year with the performance of Pirates of the Caribbean, Dead Man's Chest and all its ancillary businesses from video
The Walt Disney Company	actually got to know him. We were honored to work with Peter, and as we move forward, we will be reminded of his four-decade long legacy of excellence, and integrity that touched so many throughout our Company and across the nation.As for the reason for this conference call, it is a pleasure to report that our third quarter earnings and continued strong growth at the Walt Disney Company have happened. This growth in our business has led to net income in the first three quarters of 2005 that is nearly equal to all of 2004. Impressive performance across the Company has been an ongoing theme at Disney over the past two years, and it is very gratifying to see it continue. While it is gratifying, it is not surprising. Several years ago I outlined managements strategic plan for growth, describing it in terms of building protective moats around our brands in order to secure a competitive advantage for the long-term. We now have widespread evidence of how this plan is reaping results.At Parks and Resorts, we transformed what was once a one-day theme park into multi-day destination resorts thanks to Disney'a California Adventure in Anaheim, Walt Disney Studio's and Disneyland
The Walt Disney Company	Okay, thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Walt Disney Company's Fourth Quarter 2010 earnings call.Let me begin by saying that we are aware that information regarding our Fourth Quarter earnings became available ahead of its formal release and we are investigating how this occurred. We do regret any confusion caused by this incident. That -- our Press Release is now available on our website. Today's call is also being Webcast and that Webcast will be available on our website and after the call, we will post a replay and a transcript of today's remarks to the website.Joining me in New York for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off followed by Jay and then we will, of course, be happy to take your questions.So with that let me turn the call over to Bob.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Lowell. Good afternoon, everyone.The 2010 Fiscal Year was a good one financially and strategically for our Company. Performance was driven by strong branded content and the effective use of it across our businesses resulting in a
The Walt Disney Company	STAGGS, EVP & CFO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Wendy. We went into fiscal 2004 with a set of high goals and expectations for our financial results and today we are pleased to report that we exceeded those goals across the board. For the year we delivered earnings per share growth of 72% on a as reported basis and 64% excluding unusual items. We boosted return on invested capital for the second year in a row and we delivered record cash flow from operations of nearly $4.4 billion and record free cash flow of $2.9 billion. Also excluding the impact of FIN 46 we reduced our net debt during the fiscal year by more than 20% to $9 billion and ended the year with roughly 90% of that debt -- net debt as low cost fixed rate debt. Our free cash flow this year benefited by several hundred million dollars from the timing of our net investment in film and television products, much of it which will reverse itself next year. But even absent the timing benefit our cash flow this year sets a record for our Company. We anticipate that we will generate more than sufficient cash flow going
The Walt Disney Company	will make some commentary on the fiscal first quarter results and then take any questions our live audience may have. Tom?&nbsp;TOM STAGGS, SENIOR EVP & CFO, WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Wendy, and good afternoon. To all of you here, welcome to Walt Disney World and to all of you that are listening in via webcast, welcome to our first quarter earnings announcement. It is a pleasure to be with you here again in Orlando. It's been just short of a year since our last meeting here and, well, pretty much nothing has happened since then. But, all kidding aside, fiscal 2004 was anything but routine. We faced a number of distractions and challenges.Nonetheless, thanks to the creativity, hard work, financial discipline and unwavering focus of our managers, many of whom you will hear from today and tomorrow, the company's 2004 financial performance was exceptional. But what last year's -- what the last couple of years has underscored is that strong financial performance is not only important, it's decisive, which is why I'm particularly pleased to report our earnings for the first quarter of 2005. Our work to produce compelling creative content and experiences while maintaining our financial discipline again drove
The Walt Disney Company	try our best to conclude the call by 5:30 Eastern Time. So let's get started. Michael?&nbsp;MICHAEL EISNER, CEO, DIRECTOR, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Wendy. Almost exactly two years ago in a second quarter earnings call like this one I commented about the things that set Disney apart that will power future growth. Specifically, I said and I quote, &quot;the fundamental strength of our branding characters and creativity remains intact.&quot; I went on to say, &quot;I am pleased with the way our management team is responding to the current external challenges.&quot; And I predicted that the Company would post impressive gains in the months and years ahead. Well, now 24 months later it is very gratifying to see that my faith in our people are, our products and our plans was based - - was extremely well founded.Disney has been roaring back, as we predicted and showing strong dependable earnings and attractive growth. We more than doubled our earning between 2002 and 2004; excluding certain gains and losses that we do not believe are representative of our ongoing businesses. And we are well aware - - we are well on our way to delivering healthy double-digit growth again this year. This
The Walt Disney Company	to your host for today, to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Okay. Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to The Walt Disney Company's second-quarter earnings call. Our press release was issued almost an hour ago. It's now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and the webcast will be on the website after the call. Finally, a replay and transcript of today's remarks will be available on the website as well.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jay is going to lead off, followed by Bob, and then we'll be happy, of course, to take your questions.So with that, let me turn the call over to Jay and we'll get started.JAY RASULO, SENIOR EVP AND CFO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Lowell, and good afternoon, everyone. We reported Q2 earnings per share of $0.49, up $0.01 from last year. The underlying quality of our earnings was good, but our results were particularly impacted by four items, which we estimate collectively
The Walt Disney Company	Thanks, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to The Walt Disney Company's third-quarter 2011 earnings call. Our press release was issued 45 minutes ago. It is now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Please call is being webcast, and the webcast will also be available on our website, as will a transcript of today's remarks.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Jay, and then we will be happy to take your questions. So with that, let me turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, Lowell, and good afternoon. I am pleased to report that we had a strong third quarter, driven by our Media Networks and Parks and Resorts businesses. Net income in the quarter was up 11% on a 7% revenue increase. EPS for the quarter adjusted for comparability grew 16% to $0.78.Given the economic news of the past week, I'm sure there's interest in what we are seeing. And during the past few days we haven't seen any change in
The Walt Disney Company	issued 45 minutes ago and is now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast. That webcast, along with a transcript, will also be available on the website after the call.Joining me in Burbank today are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial officer. Bob is going to lead off, followed by Jay; and then, of course, we'll be happy to take your questions.So, with that, I'll turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you very much, Lowell. Good afternoon. We're very pleased with the Company's strong performance in the second quarter, with earnings per share up 18% over last year when adjusted for comparability. Growth in advertising and affiliate fees and media networks, as well as greater attendance and guest spending in our parks and resorts, primarily drove our performance.There are many exciting things happening across our businesses, starting with the Avengers, which, as all of you know, shattered industry box office records, achieving the biggest domestic opening weekend of all time with $207.1 million. The movie set new opening weekend records in several
The Walt Disney Company	just under two months, and during this time have been listening with great interest the debate among various constituencies, about old media versus new media. What this debate highlights, is the simple fact that the world is changing, due in large part to advances in digital technology, that have led to an explosion in media, resulting in increases in content, distribution, and communication. This is a global phenomenon, as we are seeing growth of mass media infrastructure, in both developed and emerging markets.Competition for the consumer remains fierce, as consumers with a limited amount of leisure time have significantly greater choice. Distribution methods and new more sophisticated consumer electronics devices are multiplying, offering consumers far more flexibility, customization, and control over how, when, and where they consume content.With this dynamic in mind, we established three strategic priorities to meet the challenges of this era, to best position Disney to reach our goal of delivering long-term growth, and increase shareholder value. And they are once again, driving creativity and innovation, applying technology, and global expansion. I would like to reinforce them, as they tie closely to our current performance, and will continue to serve as our roadmap for the future. Nothing
The Walt Disney Company	Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LOWELL SINGER, SVP - IR, WALT DISNEY: Okay, thanks and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Walt Disney Company's first quarter 2010 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago, it's now available on our website at www.disney.com/investor. Today's call is being webcast and that webcast will also be available on our website. Following the call we will post a transcript of today's call and a replay to our website.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob's going to lead off, followed by Jay, and then we will of course be happy to take your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRES, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you Lowell, and good afternoon. We're pleased with our first quarter performance, which was better than last year's, due in part to improved advertising and affiliate revenue at our media networks and better attendance at our parks and resorts. At this point we have limited visibility regarding the economy and its impact on our
The Walt Disney Company	turn the call over to Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Ematee. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's second quarter 2010 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago, it's now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast, and the webcast will also be available on our website, and after the call a replay and a transcript will be available there as well.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob is going to lead off, followed by Jay, and then we'll be happy to take your questions.So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob, and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you very much, Lowell, and good afternoon. Let me start off by saying how thrilled we are with the global success of Iron Man 2, which to date has grossed $334 million in global box office. It makes me even more enthusiastic about the great things
The Walt Disney Company	ago. It's available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call will be webcast and the webcast will also be available on our website, and after the call a replay and a transcript of today's remarks will be there as well. Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob's going to lead off, followed by Jay. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, let me turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you very much, Lowell, and good afternoon.We're very pleased with our strong third quarter performance. We grew revenues substantially and improved profitability across the majority of our businesses. Over the last five years we've focused on building our creative capabilities and strengthening our portfolio of core brands. We've also aggressively sought growth opportunities, both on newly emerging platforms and in promising international markets. While at the same time divesting non-core businesses.Our focus on high quality branded entertainment had a big impact on the results of our studio segment, which has delivered three of the top five global
The Walt Disney Company	IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Kendall. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to The Walt Disney Company's first-quarter 2011 earnings call. Our press release was issued almost an hour ago, and it's available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and the webcast will also be available on our website. After the call, a replay and transcript will be there as well.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob is going to lead off, followed by Jay; and then we will, of course, be happy to take some of your questions.So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, Lowell, and good afternoon. I'm pleased to report we had an excellent first quarter, driven by strong creative content and our unique ability to leverage great entertainment across the many platforms, businesses, and markets in which we operate. We also benefited from growth in advertising at our Media Networks and improved consumer spending at our parks and consumer products businesses.Net income
The Walt Disney Company	press release was issued about 45 minutes ago. It's available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is being webcast, and we will post the webcast and a transcript also to our website.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Jay; and then, of course, we will leave plenty of time for your questions.With that, I'll turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, Lowell, and good afternoon, everyone. Coming off a record year in 2012, we had a solid first quarter and we are enthusiastic about the year ahead. Now that Lucasfilm is officially part of The Walt Disney Company, we're moving forward with the extraordinary Star Wars franchise across our portfolio of businesses. And we're excited about the tremendous potential ahead, starting with Star Wars Episode VII, which we expect will be in theaters in the summer of 2015.We're particularly pleased to have JJ Abrams directing our first feature film in that franchise. And we've had a very long and successful relationship
The Walt Disney Company	everyone. Welcome to Walt Disney's third quarter 2008 conference call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago and it is now available on our website at www.disney.com\investors. Today's call will also be webcast and that webcast will be available on our website, and after the call a replay and transcript of today's remarks will also be available on our website.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Tom will lead off with brief comments and then, on the off chance that you have any questions, we will be happy to take them. I will then read the Safe Harbor provision.With that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we will get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY CO.: Thank you, Lowell. We have had another solid quarter fueled by great creative momentum and the trust consumers have that our brands will deliver a consistently high quality entertainment experience. These attributes are incredibly important and incredibly valuable in an uncertain global economic environment. We believe they position us well to manage through undeniably turbulent times.Like
The Walt Disney Company	over to Bob and we will get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY CO.: Thank you, Lowell. We have had another solid quarter fueled by great creative momentum and the trust consumers have that our brands will deliver a consistently high quality entertainment experience. These attributes are incredibly important and incredibly valuable in an uncertain global economic environment. We believe they position us well to manage through undeniably turbulent times.Like all companies, we arena't immune to the challenging economy, but we continue to be pleased with the level of business activity we have seen so far, and especially with our long-term market position. We have an agile, experienced management team, a clear, strategic vision for maximizing returns across our various businesses, and an unbeatable portfolio of creative assets. In the eyes of the global consumers our brands have never been stronger or more relevant. We have, in other words, a pretty good hand in a very tough game.That said, we remain watchful and are committed to take the steps necessary to keep our businesses and our market position strong, and to do so decisively. Our continued success depends on superb creativity and, since we last talked, there have been
The Walt Disney Company	host for today's call, Mr. Lowell Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for the Walt Disney Company.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP IR, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Michelle. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's third quarter 2009 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago. It's now available on our Website. Today's call is also being Webcast and the Webcast will be also available on our Website, which is www.disney.com/investors. After the call, a reply and a transcript of today's remarks will be available on our Website.Joining me in Burbank today are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob and Tom are going to lead off with some brief comments and then we'll happily take all of your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Lowell. And good afternoon. While the challenging global economy impacted or performance in the quarter, we remain encouraged by the relative strength of our businesses. The Disney brand continues to differentiate us in the global marketplace. Our business strategy, with its emphasis
The Walt Disney Company	of the Walt Disney Company. Please proceed.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP OF IR, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Britney. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago and it's available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and that webcast will be available on our website, as will a replay and transcript of today's remarks.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and for his 46th and as it turns out final earnings call as Chief Financial Officer, Tom Staggs. As I'm sure you saw, Bob made an important executive announcement this morning. He's going to begin with some comments about that announcement, and then Bob and Tom will speak about earnings, and of course we'll be happy to take your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, Lowell, and good afternoon. As you know, we announced earlier today that on January 1, Tom Staggs will assume the role of Chairman, Walt Disney Parks and
The Walt Disney Company	our website at www.Disney.com/investors.Today's call is also being webcast and that webcast will be available on our website, as will a replay and a transcript of the call.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Jay, and then we will be happy, of course, to take your questions. So with that let me turn it over to Bob and we will get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thanks, Lowell, and good afternoon. I am proud to report Disney posted record revenue, net income and earnings per share for the 2011 fiscal year. Our net income grew by 21% over a year ago on a 7% increase in revenue and our earnings per share, adjusted for comparability, were up 23% for the year.I am also very pleased with our fourth-quarter results, which were driven by Media Networks and Parks and Resorts, with net income up 30% and revenue up 7%. Our EPS for the quarter, adjusted for comparability, grew 31% to $0.59.Our fiscal 2011 results validate our strategic priorities and demonstrate we
The Walt Disney Company	Walt Disney Company's first quarter 2012 conference call. Our press release was issued about 45 minutes ago. It's now available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. After the call, a replay and a transcript of today's remarks will also be available on our website.Joining me in Burbank today are Bob Iger, Disney's President Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Jay. And then, of course, we will be happy to take your questions. So with that, I will turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, Lowell, good afternoon, everyone. Our first quarter results were driven by strong performances from many of our businesses, particularly Cable Networks and Parks and Resorts, and EPS of $0.80 for the first quarter was up 18% from last year. Our results reflect the benefits of our ongoing strategy to invest in and leverage our core brands Disney, Pixar, Marvel, ESPN and ABC, underscoring our consistent focused on create high-quality entertainment experiences through the use of innovative technology across our businesses and around the globe.Since our last earnings report, a lot
The Walt Disney Company	good afternoon everyone. Welcome to The Walt Disney Company's third-quarter 2012 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 45 minutes ago. It is now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. A webcast and a transcript of today's call will also be available on our website later tonight.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Jay, and then of course, we will be happy to take your questions.So with that I will turn it over to Bob.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT AND CEO, WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, Lowell, and good afternoon. We had a phenomenal third quarter, delivering the largest quarterly earnings in the history of our Company. Earnings per share were up 31% over last year, driven by growth in every one of our businesses. We also delivered record earnings per share for the first nine months of our fiscal year. And we believe our results clearly demonstrate Disney's unique value proposition and great potential to deliver long-term growth.Before Jay gets into specifics about our quarter, I would like to spend a few minutes talking
The Walt Disney Company	about 45 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.Disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast, and we will post the webcast and a transcript of the call to our website later.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, then Jay will make some comments, and then, of course, we'll be happy to take your questions.So with that, I'll turn it over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, Lowell. And good afternoon, everyone. I'm very happy to report that Disney has delivered yet another record annual performance. Driven by improved results in each of our businesses in the fiscal 2012 year, Disney achieved record revenue, net income, and earnings per share. Net income was up by 18% for the year on a 3% increase in revenue, and our earnings per share, adjusted for comparability, were up 21% over last year.I'm also very pleased with our fourth-quarter results, which were primarily driven by growth at Cable Networks, and Parks & Resorts. Net income grew by 14%
The Walt Disney Company	Singer, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Shareholder Services.&nbsp;LOWELL SINGER, SVP IR, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's first quarter fiscal '08 call. Today's call is being webcast and the webcast can be accessed on our investor relations website. The press release was issued a few minutes ago. It's also available on our website. Following today's call, we'll provide a replay as well as a MP3 file and a written transcript on the website.Joining me in Burbank for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Staggs, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob's going to lead off, followed by Tom. We'll then open it up to Q&A. I hope you'll stick around after the Q&A, because besides reading our Safe Harbor provisions, I may just go ahead and endorse a candidate. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, very much, Lowell, and good afternoon.I'm pleased to report we started off our 2008 fiscal year with another outstanding quarter marked by strong creative and financial performances. These results
The Walt Disney Company	hope you'll stick around after the Q&A, because besides reading our Safe Harbor provisions, I may just go ahead and endorse a candidate. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, very much, Lowell, and good afternoon.I'm pleased to report we started off our 2008 fiscal year with another outstanding quarter marked by strong creative and financial performances. These results validate our strategic focus and I am extremely proud of our people, their talent, experience and commitment to quality and integrity. There are numerous specifics I could mention but I will leave that to Tom and summarize instead what we believe are our strategic priorities as well as what we see as our competitive advantage. Before I do that, two items to note. We're extremely gratified by the $31 million opening weekend box office of the Hannah Montana/Miley Cyrus 3D concert film, the highest ever domestic gross during a Superbowl weekend. Its impressive performance highlights our mission perfectly. That is, to create high quality content and apply innovative technology to raise the level of the consumer experience in a way that differentiates Disney, and reaches more
The Walt Disney Company	to take your questions. And then, given the overwhelming popular demand, I will once again read the safe harbor provision. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.ROBERT IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Lowell, and good afternoon, everyone. We had an outstanding second quarter financially and creatively at the Walt Disney Company. Our diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations grew by an impressive 35%, putting our earnings per share in the first half of the year on par with what we delivered for all of fiscal 2005. This performance demonstrates how The Disney Difference gives us a critical and sustainable market advantage, and that difference centers on our proven ability to create high quality content which benefits from Disney branding and from our wide ranging distribution and promotional platforms. In turn, we leverage that great content across our multiple businesses and across global markets. And I believe our creative pipeline has never been stronger. In the coming weeks, we will be releasing two terrific Disney branded movies, Prince Caspian, the second installment in The Chronicles of Narnia, and our latest animated film from Pixar, Wall-E. While we normally don't
The Walt Disney Company	our second quarter 2008 call. Our press release was issued a few minutes ago and is now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and that webcast can also be accessed on our website. After the call, a replay and a transcript of today's call will be available on -- you guessed it -- our website; and as you can tell, we're trying to grow page views on the IR website, so that by next quarter we can actually sell some advertising. Joining me in Burbank here today are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Staggs, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob will lead off, followed by Tom. We'll then open it up to take your questions. And then, given the overwhelming popular demand, I will once again read the safe harbor provision. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob and we'll get started.ROBERT IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thanks, Lowell, and good afternoon, everyone. We had an outstanding second quarter financially and creatively at the Walt Disney Company. Our diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations grew by an impressive 35%,
The Walt Disney Company	fourth-quarter 2013 earnings call. We issued our press release about 45 minutes ago. It's now available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast, and the webcast and a transcript of the call will also be available on our website.Joining me for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Jay Rasulo, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob is going to lead off, and then Jay will follow him, and then we, of course, will be happy to take some questions.So, with that, I'll turn it over to Bob.BOB IGER, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY: Thank you, Lowell, and good afternoon, everyone. We're very pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter, with earnings per share up 13%, primarily driven by growth in our Interactive, Consumer Products, and Parks and Resorts businesses. Our net income for the quarter also grew by 12% on strong revenue growth of 7%. I'm also happy to report that in fiscal 2013, Disney delivered record revenue, net income, and EPS for the third year in a row.We're also making two other important announcements today. One is that we have set an official release
The Walt Disney Company	so with that, here is Tom Staggs, our CFO, to give you the details of the quarter. Tom?&nbsp;TOM STAGGS, SEVP AND CFO, WALT DISNEY: You don't get the flourish that I got, you know, music, you know, here's Tom. But the earnings are better than our technical prowess here this morning. Thanks for coming. To all of you here, welcome to Walt Disney World, and also to all of you listening in, welcome to Disney's 2007 Investor Conference.It's a pleasure to be here with you again in Orlando. As you've seen by now, the creativity, hard work, financial discipline, and unwavering focus of our manager's drove another quarter of exceptional financial performance, with segment operating profits and earnings per share each up by over 40 percent. In our sessions later tonight and tomorrow you'll hear about each of our major lines of business, and the integrated approach we're taking to manage them to deliver continued strong financial results and increase value to our shareholders.So for this session I'm going to focus on our current quarter earnings and some of the swing factors we see for the balance of the year. In many ways strong results like the ones we just
The Walt Disney Company	research perspective, and brings a deep understanding of the investment community and the entertainment industry. So we're very pleased to have Lowell. And he's joining us on the call today, and will be back in a bit. But first, let me turn things over to Bob Iger to talk about the quarter.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you very much, Tom, and good afternoon. I'm pleased to report that we have had another excellent quarter, posting double-digit increases in net income and earnings per share. These results are evidence of our ability to nurture great creativity, our strength in operating a broad range of businesses, and our commitment to financial discipline. Combined with the strong performance over the last two years, they also validate our strategic vision and demonstrate the quality of the Disney management team. Since our last report, we've continued to advance our priorities, which are designed to enhance long-term shareholder value. On the creative front, this is an exciting time for us. The studio will soon premier &quot;Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End,&quot; the third installment of one of our most successful franchises. And having seen the film, I can tell you, it is
The Walt Disney Company	Q&A. And then I will return for some important Safe Harbor comments.With that said, let me turn it over to Bob.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT, CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thank you, Lowell. I look forward to those important comments. Good afternoon, everyone.After a terrific 2006 performance, and excellent first quarter results, I am pleased to report we have had another solid quarter, posting double-digit increases in segment operating income and earnings per share from continuing operations. We have again achieved a strong record by focusing on doing what we do best. That is building high quality, creative franchises across multiple platforms across multiple markets, a consistent strategic vision and a skillful well-coordinated management team, and a commitment to financial discipline, are the key elements of our success, while creativity and innovation remain at the heart of everything we do.Today we announced that Disney has acquired Club Penguin, as Lowell mentioned, this is one of the fastest growing online virtual worlds for kids. We believe that Club Penguin embodies values of the utmost importance to Disney, that is providing high-quality family entertainment, and fostering parental trust. And this is thoroughly consistent with our strategic vision. Club Penguin is a great example of creativity and
The Walt Disney Company	me are Bob Iger, Disney's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Staggs, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Bob's going to lead off, Tom will follow up with some comments and then we'll open up the call to your questions. I hope you'll stick around after the Q&A because I'm going to read through some very exciting changes to our Safe Harbor provision that I think you'll really enjoy. So with that, I'll turn it over to Bob and we can get started.BOB IGER, PRESIDENT & CEO, WALT DISNEY: Thanks for not upstaging us with that, Lowell. Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report that we've had another year of outstanding financial results. We posted record net income, record segment operating income, and record earnings per share for our 2007 fiscal year, bolstered by a strong fourth quarter performance. These results stem directly from our emphasis on the creation of high quality content across all of our businesses, backed up by a clear strategy for maximizing the value of that content across platforms and markets. Our performance over the last two years highlights the Disney difference, unique factors we believe can create sustainable shareholder value, and which
Dow Chemical	written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Howard Ungerleider, outgoing Vice President of Investor Relations; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, April 28th, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the investor relations section and through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website.Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will
Dow Chemical	Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, and Dave Johnson, Director in Investor Relations. Around 7.00 AM this morning, April 26, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on www.dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our web site on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast.Now, some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our web site. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today are on a year-over-year basis. Sales, volume, and price comparisons exclude divestitures, and EBITDA and EBITDA margins and earning comparisons are adjusted to exclude certain items. Our earnings
Dow Chemical	Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director in Investor Relations. Around 7.00 AM this morning, October 24, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast.Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we do not plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like to see more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. I will now hand the call over
Dow Chemical	prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Director in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, February 3, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the internet on Dow's website, dow.com.Also earlier this morning, we filed our answer to the lawsuit filed by Rohm & Haas. This answer is also posted on our website. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section, or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures
Dow Chemical	call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Pierre Brondeau, President and CEO of Dow Advanced Materials; and Jeff Tate, Director, Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, April 30, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the investor relations section or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to
Dow Chemical	strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director of Investor Relations. Around 7.00 AM this morning, July 25, our earnings release went out on Business Wire, and was posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments and this conference call. These slides are posted on our website, and through the link to our webcast.Now, some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we do not plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like to see more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be a year-over-year basis, EBITDA, EBITDA margins, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The
Dow Chemical	statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Q's, 10-K's and annual reports, are available on the Internet at dow.com in the financial reports page of the investor relations section.I would like to remind you that we made a few, mostly minor, changes to our segment reporting structure this quarter. We filed an 8-K early in April that provides several years of history with the new structure, as well as a revised corporate profile that identifies the businesses within each segment. If you have not seen that yet, we would be happy to provide you with a copy.Today, Geoffery will start off with an overview of the first quarter. I will discuss the results of our operating segments. Then Geoffery will describe Dow's outlook for the months ahead. After that, we will move to your questions for Andrew and Geoffery. Geoffery, let's start with your
Dow Chemical	went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimate, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports are available on the Internet at Dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.Today Geoffery will start off with an overview of the second quarter. I will discuss the results of our operating segments, then Geoffery will describe Dow's outlook for the months ahead. After that, we will move to your questions for Andrew and Geoffery. Geoffery, let's start with your comments.GEOFFERY MERSZEI, EVP, CFO, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning everyone. This
Dow Chemical	risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports are available on the Internet at dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.Today, Geoffery will start off with an overview of the third quarter. I will discuss the results of our operating segments, then Geoffery will describe Dow's outlook for the months ahead. After that we will move to your questions for Andrew and Geoffery. Geoffery, let's start with your comments.GEOFFERY MERSZEI, EVP, CFO, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Good morning everyone. This was an excellent quarter for Dow. It was a quarter in which our commitment to a balanced business portfolio, our broad geographic presence, and our focus on strategic joint ventures served us very well and
Dow Chemical	Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations.Around 630 this morning, October 28, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the investor relations section, or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties, and we can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly-comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings
Dow Chemical	information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our Web site. Our earnings release as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports are available on the Internet at Dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.Today, Pedro will start off with an overview of the first-quarter results and some comments on the actions Dow is taking to continue to improve financial performance. I'll review the results of our operating segments, then Pedro will describe Dow's outlook for the months ahead. After that, we'll move onto your questions. Pedro, let's start with your comments.PEDRO REINHARD, CFO & EVP, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thank you, Kathy, and good morning to all of you. This time last week, Midland was enjoying some unseasonably good weather. For two weeks, we had clear blue skies and temperatures at times in the mid-80s. Then last Saturday, it started snowing. Four inches fell over the weekend. After such a great start to the spring season, the
Dow Chemical	today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Johnson, Director Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, February 2, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the Presentation page of the Investor Relations section, or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. And I would like to point out that in our prepared remarks today in order to provide the best information regarding our results, our sales comparisons are on a pro forma basis, excluding completed divestitures, and our EBITDA comparisons exclude certain items. A reconciliation
Dow Chemical	media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jerome Peribere, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dow Advanced Materials; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations.Around 630 this morning, April 28, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet at Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP
Dow Chemical	media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jerome Peribere, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dow Advanced Materials; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations.Around 630 this morning, April 28, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet at Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the investor relations section or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP
Dow Chemical	webcast.This call is the property of Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weidman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Antonio Galindez, President and CEO of Dow AgroSciences; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning August 3, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com.We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on the conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments today may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation
Dow Chemical	Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, February 3, our earnings release went out on BusinessWire and was posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve both risks and uncertainties, and we cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments today may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or
Dow Chemical	Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director in Investor Relations. Around 7 AM this morning, January 31, our earnings release went out on business wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast.Now some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates. And we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. Now additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Now, unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on slide 3.I will now hand the call over to Andrew.ANDREW LIVERIS, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, DOW CHEMICAL CO: Thank
Dow Chemical	is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director of Investor Relations. Around 7.00 AM this morning, [April] 25, our earnings release went out on business wire and was posted on Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast.Some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we do not plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, and other associated disclosures, are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items.The agenda for today's call
Dow Chemical	with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO, Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jeff Tate, Director in Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, October 23, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section, or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any of our forecasts or estimates and we do not plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. Now, if you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks, 8-Ks, and annual reports,
Dow Chemical	Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Heinz Haller, Executive Vice President of Performance Products and Systems; and Jeff Tate, Director in Investor Relations.Around 6;30 this morning, July 30, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section, or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated
Dow Chemical	me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, October 22, our earnings release went out on PRNewswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section, or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website.Our earnings release, as well as recent SEC filings, are available on the Internet at Dow.com.The agenda for today's
Dow Chemical	On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Johnson, Director of Investor Relations.Around 6.30 this morning, October 27, our Earnings Release went out on Business Wire, and was posted on the Internet on www.Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section, and through the link to our webcast.Now, some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations do involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.Additionally, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, and earnings comparisons exclude certain
Dow Chemical	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Johnson, Director in Investor Relations. Around 7.00 AM this morning, February 2, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast.Some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings which are available on the Internet at Dow.com.In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. Presentation of and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and the prepared slides and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis, sales, price, volume comparisons exclude the impact of divestitures and EBITDA,
Dow Chemical	and were posted on the Internet on Dow.com. We are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent, is strictly prohibited.We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section, and through the link to our webcast. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director in Investor Relations.Some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we do not plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our
Dow Chemical	about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and Annual Reports, are available on the Internet at dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.Starting with the agenda on slide 3, I will start with a brief recap of the fourth quarter. Then Andrew will take a look back at the actions we took in 2007 and ahead to 2008 and beyond, as we continue to implement Dow's transformational strategy for delivering long-term shareholder value. After that, we will move on to your questions.As you can see on slide 4, this was another solid quarter for Dow. Despite the highest-ever increase in purchased feedstock and energy costs, $1.7 billion year over
Dow Chemical	statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Q's, 10-K's, and annual reports are available on the internet at dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.Starting with the agenda on slide three, Geoffery will lead off with an overview of the first quarter. I'll discuss the operating segments, and then Geoffery will update you on actions we've taken to advance our strategy and describe Dow's outlook for the months ahead. After that, we'll move to your questions for Andrew and Geoffery. Now, Geoffery, let's move to slide four and your comments.GEOFFERY MERSZEI, EVP AND CFO, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thank you, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. I want to start today's
Dow Chemical	to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations.Around six-thirty this morning, April 24, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to
Dow Chemical	redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form, without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited.On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations. Also with us is Howard Ungerleider, who will be taking over as head of Dow's IR team in August.Around 6.30 this morning, July 24, our earnings release went out on PRNewswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com.We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures., A reconciliation to the
Dow Chemical	or through the link to our webcast.As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter.If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures., A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website.Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports are available on the Internet at Dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.Now starting with the agenda on slide 3, Geoffery will lead off with an overview of the second quarter. I will discuss the results of our operating segments, and then Geoffery will update you on actions we have taken to advance our strategy, and describe Dow's outlook for the months ahead.We would like to keep the focus of today's conference call on our second quarter results and business outlook, rather
Dow Chemical	risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our Web site. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports, are available on the Internet at Dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.Today, I will start with a brief recap of the fourth quarter, then Andrew will take a look back at 2006 and the actions that drove our results. Andrew will also look ahead to 2007 and beyond, as we continue to implement Dow's strategy for delivering long-term shareholder value. After that, we will move on to your questions.This was another very strong quarter for Dow, with adjusted EPS down just 4% from last year's fourth quarter, which, as you remember, was a record fourth quarter for Dow. So unlike some companies that were significantly affected by the hurricanes last year, we have a tough basis for comparison and we did quite well. Excluding unusuals, improved EBIT in our Performance segments partially offset a decline in the Basics.
Dow Chemical	like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports, are available on the Internet at dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section.We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. We hope this information is useful to you in understanding our financial results and our strategy. We plan to provide similar information on future calls. The slides are posted on our website, available on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. Slide three outlines our agenda today.Geoffery will start off with an overview of the first quarter. I'll discuss the results of our operating segments. Then Geoffery will update you on actions we have taken to advance our strategy and describe Dow's outlook for the month ahead. After that, we will move to your questions for Andrew and Geoffery.Geoffery, let's move to
Dow Chemical	our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports, are available on the Internet at dow.com in the financial reports page of the investor relations section.Starting with the agenda, on slide three of the presentation, Geoffery will lead off with an overview of the second quarter. I'll discuss the results of our operating segments. Then Geoffery will update you on actions we've taken to advance our strategy and describe Dow's outlook for the month ahead. After that, we will move to your questions for Andrew and Geoffery.Before we start, I would like to point out a change in our geographic reporting. Given our strong international presence and focus on growth in emerging
Dow Chemical	today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings.In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release as well as recent 10-Q's, 10-K's and annual reports are available on the Internet at dow.com, in the financial reports page of the Investor Relations section.Now, starting with the agenda on slide three, Geoffery will lead off with an overview of the third quarter. I will discuss the results of our operating segments, then Geoffery will update you on actions we have taken to advance our strategy and describe Dow's outlook for the months ahead. After that, we will move to your questions for Andrew and Geoffery.Now, Geoffery, let's move to slide four and your comments.GEOFFERY MERSZEI, EVP, CFO, THE DOW CHEMICAL COMPANY: Thank you, Kathy, and good
ENI SpA	the first quarter 2004, the refining margins showed on a yearly basis a decline of 42% and 50%, in US dollar and euro terms respectively.The reported net income amounted to E2.15b, with an increase of around 7% compared to the same period of 2003. The increase is the result of two main effects. 4.8% decline in the operating results, mainly as a consequence of the negative impact of the euro appreciation versus the US dollar, partially compensated by the higher hydrocarbon production sold (plus 11%), as well as by the good results achieved in the Gas and Power division and the slight recovery in Polimeri Europa.This negative trend at the operating level was more than offset by more than E500m extraordinary income, related to the free tax capital gain on the share [inaudible] over of Snam Rete Gas. I remind you that in the first quarter 2003, Eni accounted extraordinary income of E200m, related to the final settlement of the litigation with Ed.The net income excluding special items showed a decrease of 14%, to E1.6b (E1.9b in 2003), mainly as a consequence of the low operating result, higher tax rate, and the higher minorities for E35m, mainly related to the
ENI SpA	In R&M, we continued to gain market share in the declining Italian market.This achievement, in the context of an exceptionally favorable environment for the first half of the year, resulted in EUR10.2b profit, a 7.7% increase over 2007. This has enabled us to propose a final dividend of EUR0.65 per share, making a total dividend of EUR1.30 per share for the full year.Before I hand over to Alessandro for an in-depth analysis of our 2008 results, I will take you through the strategic rationale of our regulated business restructuring, which we announced late yesterday evening.This deal will enable us to first, build a strong, integrated player in the European regulated gas market. Second, extract significant synergies. And, thirdly, provide investors with greater visibility of our regulated and non-regulated businesses.All in all, restructuring our regulated businesses will enable us to fully unlock the value of these assets for Eni shareholders.I will now hand you over to Alessandro.ALESSANDRO BERNINI, CFO, ENI S.P.A.: Thank you, Paolo, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.As just mentioned by Paolo, the sale of Italgas and Stogit to Snam Rete Gas creates a unique player in the regulated gas business. The two companies were valued at RAB, the
ENI SpA	to answer to your question at the end of the presentation.In the first quarter of 2009, the Brent price continued to weaken, averaging $44 per barrel and declining by approximately 54% compared to the first quarter of 2008. The benchmark European Refining Margin averaged $5.3 per barrel, increasing by 40% compared to one year ago. The margins realized by our own refineries did increase, but less than the benchmark, as a result of the narrowing light/heavy oil differential and the CIF/FOB spreads. The euro showed a depreciation of 13% versus the US dollar, compared to the same period of last year.As usual, I would like to remind you that Eni's results are affected by several issues, including the seasonal factor affecting the demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating, the demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year, the coldest months, and the lowest in the third quarter, the warmest months. Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first quarter cannot be extrapolated for the full year.In the first quarter of 2009, the adjusted operating profit was about EUR3.8b, down 36%. This was due to the weaker operating
ENI SpA	suffered from non-technical production shuttings in Libya and Nigeria.While these decisions have impacted first half results, our underlying business has made strong strategic progress. Key start-ups for 2013 included Kashagan, our own track, we have closed major gas negotiations and we are continuing the restructuring of our downstream businesses.On the corporate front, this has been an excellent first half. Our disposal program has unlocked a further EUR5.9 billion of value, including the recently completed transaction in CNPC.Let's take a closer look at the first half, starting from upstream. The two key issues are Libya and Nigeria. In Libya, the security issues in Q1 and other disruptions in Q2 cost us around 20,000 boe per day in the first six months of the year. The situation in the country remains volatile and we cannot exclude further disruptions in the second half.Meanwhile in the rest of North Africa, operations are only marginally affected by continuing unrest although the ramp-up of our [Nigerian] project has been slower than expected.The major concern is however Nigeria where in the first half we lost around 30,000 boe per day from a combination of flooding, bunkering and sabotage. Production losses were even higher in July as a
ENI SpA	would like to remind you that Eni results are affected by several issues, including the seasonal factor affecting the demand for natural gas and petroleum products pertaining to residential heating, the demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year, being the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter, being the warmest months. Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first quarter cannot be extrapolated for the full year.Let me remind you that, as a consequence of the position adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board, Saipem and its subsidiaries have been once again included line by line in the Eni IFRS consolidated financial statements. For the sake of comparison we have accordingly restated our 2005 accounts.Having said this, let us now comment the results. In the first quarter, net profit amounted to E2.97b with an increase of around 22% if compared to the same period of 2005. Excluding special items and inventory gains, the adjusted net profit totaled E2.95b, with an increase of around 24%.Such a strong performance is the result of a 27% increase in the operating result, plus E1.2b, mainly as a consequence of the strong performance in the
ENI SpA	the sector. Oil and natural gas production grew organically by 4.3%, despite the reduce volumes from the Dacion field in Venezuela. In fact, growth would have been 6% without the impact of Dacion. While 2006 yearly growth is expect to be around 3% for the same reason, I confirm that 2006/2009 production growth targets of 4%.We continue to make progress in renewing our exploration portfolio, adding around 50,000 square kilometers of new acreage, 99 % of which is operated by Eni.In Turkey, less then one month ago, the Council of Ministers approved the Samsun-Ceyhan Pipeline. This project will guarantee the transportation, to key markets, of liquid production from the Kashagan and Karachaganak fields operated by Eni. This strategic project will provide remarkable economic, environmental benefit to Turkey. Stefano in his section will update you on the Kashagan project.Moving to gas and power, gas and power achieved great result in gas sales in Europe, excluding Italy. Volumes rose by around 15% in the first-half of 2006. The Greenstream pipeline, the pipeline connecting to Libya, reached its plateau level in April. As you already know, the 8b cubic meter of gas, will be delivered annually to third parties, namely Gaz de France,
ENI SpA	the warmest months. Therefore, any [suppurating] profit and change in net debt, in the first nine months, cannot be extrapolated for the full year.&nbsp;Let me remind you that, as a consequence of the position adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board, Saipem and its subsidiaries have been, once again, included line-by-line in our IFRS consolidated financial statement. For the sake of comparison, we have accordingly restated our 2005 account. Having said this let us now [comment] the results.In the third quarter adjusted net profit amounted to EUR2.6b, up around 7% if compared to the same period of 2005. Such a strong performance is attributable to a 15% increase in the operating adjusted result. This positive effect was partially offset by higher taxes, amounting to around EUR0.5b, related to the pre-tax profit increase, a higher contribution to E&P earnings from countries where higher -- with higher tax rates and the impact of the new [inaudible] taxation regime.With reference to the later, let me add that the adjusted figure includes the current tax rate increase, which is retroactive to the start of the year and amounted to EUR84m, but excludes the one-off charge of EUR91m related to the restated deferred tax balance
ENI SpA	at the end of June. It sustained our demand growth in both U.S. and China as well as a limited south-coast production capacity from OPEC and non OPEC countries were the key drivers for oil price increase to record levels.Refining margins enjoyed a significant uplift on a yearly basis, as the demand growth for [indiscernible] product continued to pressurize the global refining capacity. In particular, compared to the same period of 2004, the average European refining margin was close to $7 per barrel, 29% up compared to last year's level. This strong market trend was slightly offset by the 5% depreciation of the euro versus the dollar.As usual, I would like to remind you that ENI's results are affected by several factors, including the seasonality in demand for natural gas and for petroleum products, European residential heating, the demand of which is highest in the first quarter of the year, that includes the coldest months, and the lowest in the third quarter, which includes the warmest months.Therefore, ENI's operating profit and change in net debt in the first 6 months, cannot be extrapolated for the full year. Furthermore, let me remind you that starting from 2005, we adopted new distribution
ENI SpA	this morning. The robust set of financial results we are producing is the direct consequence of Eni's solid industrial performance in the core business, and the still positive scenario.&nbsp;In the first half, the net profit reported in compliance with International Financial Reporting standards amounted to E4,343m, with an increase of 29.1% if compared to the same period of 2004. Excluding special items and inventory gains, the adjusted net profit totaled E4.4b, with an increase of 46.2%. Such an increase is the outcome of a 40% growth in the operating result, mainly as a consequence of the strong performance in the upstream, in R&M, as well as the good performance achieved in the gas and power business and petrochemicals.These positive effects were partially offset by lower net profit from investments for about E160m, reflecting a gain of E308m recorded on the disposal of about 9% of the share capital of Snam Rete gas in the first quarter of 2004. In turn, partially offset by higher profits from Eni acreage, in particular in the gas and power segment. Higher financial charges, mainly related to fair value valuation of derivatives and financial instruments led to higher interest rates on dollar loans. And finally,
ENI SpA	third quarter of 2010, the macro environment showed a positive trend compared to the same period of last year. The Brent price averaged $77 a barrel, up 13% compared to the third quarter of 2009. The average European refining margin Brent/Ural was $2.44 per barrel, up slightly versus the corresponding period of 2009, although it remained depressed compared to historical trends and at nearly half the level compared to the second quarter of 2010.Finally, the euro depreciated by almost 10% versus the US dollar compared to the corresponding period last year.Moving to our results, adjusted operating profit in the third quarter amounted to EUR4.1 billion, up 32% year-on-year. This result mainly reflected the stronger contribution of the Exploration & Production and the Refining & Marketing divisions, which was partially offset by lower results in Gas & Power.Adjusted net profit for the third quarter was EUR1.7 billion, up 47.5% year-on-year. These results reflect the improved operating performance and was supported by a lower adjusted tax rate, down by 5 percentage points in the third quarter. The low tax rate [registered] in the quarter was primarily due to the utilization of previously taxed provisions and the positive contribution to this quarter's pretax
ENI SpA	to happen. I also recalled that our value increased from E20b in 1995 to this current E70b.Some days later in an interview I got the opportunity to point out that what I had in mind was a doubling of our capitalization. In fact, I believe that our shares are still undervalued and in fact, probably, the current share price is not fully recognizing the strong growth in our core business, the quality of asset portfolio and the delivery of important strategic targets. But also, where increased value of our strategy for the future.A recent [rumor] misunderstood my comments on ENI's size and linked them to the current developments in the Russian oil and gas sector by assuming that we are presently negotiating a corporate acquisition in Russia. For the sake of clarity, I think it is worth explaining once again our policy regarding 2 key strategic drivers - growth and the cash allocation.In the coming year, ENI's strategy will still be driven by organic growth through the development of projects, high integration between the FD and GN business and an active portfolio management both in terms of assets disposed of and potential asset acquisition.The enhancement of our activities in core
ENI SpA	the result of a 37% growth in the operating results, mainly as a consequence of the strong performance of the upstream, R&M and the Petrochemical divisions as well as the good results, achieved in the Gas and Power Division.Income growth from investments reported about E60m, mainly related to a higher contribution of European Gas and Power activities in marketing Sannazzaro gas, SRS and Galp and the gas transportation. These positive effects were partially offset by higher taxes for E500m as a consequence of the higher taxable income.In the first quarter of 2005, reported clean EPS paid on an average number of shares of 3.8b showed in euros an increase of 22% and of about 44%. Clearly, if compared with the same period of last year. If we switch to dollar terms increase of the reported and the clean EPS is over 28% and about 51% respectively.As for the cash flow per share in euro terms, we can see a decrease of more than 14% on a reported basis. And more than 30% on a clean basis. In dollar terms, the increase is of around 20% and around of 37% respectively.As to the marginal results in the quarter, I am pleased
ENI SpA	Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year preliminary results conference call. 2010 has been a very good year. We have delivered outstanding operational achievements, and laid the foundations for our future growth.In E&P, a particularly strong fourth quarter led to full year production of 1.815 kboe per day, 1.1% higher than in 2009. This growth was driven by the timely delivery of all 12 of our planned startups, which contributed 40,000 boe per day of new production in 2010, and will account for 230,000 boe per day of production at peak.We also make excellent progress on our key projects. We count Zubair in Iraq as a major success, having been the first [IOC] to reach production growth targets. In Venezuela, we established a joint venture with PDVSA to develop the giant Junin 5 field, and further increased gas in place at our giant Perla discovery.In Angola, we have sanctioned the west half of Block 1506, and recorded significant exploration successes. In fact, new discoveries has been one of the highlights of the year. Exploration successes in Indonesia and Brazil, on top of those in Venezuela and Angola, added almost 1 billion boe of new resources overall, at a very
ENI SpA	As you will know, the situation in the country remains uncertain. So far the conflict has forced the shutdown of several of our producing sites, as well as the closure of the Greenstream pipeline. These shutdowns reduced production by 129,000 boe per day compared to the first quarter of last year, an impact which was partially offset by improved performance year on year.Wafa is currently the only field in operation with an output that, as of April 1st, has been of about 50,000 boe per day, 55,000 boe per day, entirely destined to local power generation. This is down from a production of around 90,000 boe per day in early March. Each day in which production remains at current reduced levels will cause 600 boe per day decrease in full year average daily production.We are constantly monitoring the progress of this highly volatile situation. Our assets have suffered no damage and we are technically able to resume production quickly once the situation stabilizes.And now, on to our results. In the first quarter of 2011 the macro environment was positive compared to the same period of last year. The Brent price averaged $105 a barrel, up 38% compared to the first
ENI SpA	and second quarter results conference call. During the first half of 2011, our results were hit by two uncertainties, of which the major one is, of course, Libya. In this context, we have made good progress on the strategic drivers which underpin our medium and long-term growth, and value creation targets.I will now give you a brief overview of the developments in our business for this quarter. Sandro will then take you through our financial performance in Q2.Let's look at the two uncertainties which impacted the first half results in more depth. The disruption in Libya has affected all our businesses. Turning first to E&P, in the second quarter of the year, our Libyan production averaged about 50,000 BOE per day, with a negative impact of more than 230,000 BOE per day on the average daily production for the quarter.Meanwhile, the suspension of Libyan gas imports into Italy impacted Gas & Power results in two ways. In terms of volumes, we suffered from reduced sales to shippers, and in terms of margins, we suffered because Libyan gas was replaced with gas from other sources which have not yet been renegotiated.The situation in Libya is also impacting our Downstream Refining and
ENI SpA	the first three months of the year, we added around 1 billion boe of new exploration resources through Mamba North 1 in Mozambique, Havis in the Barents Sea, which together with Skrugard, has recoverable resources of 500 million barrels; and other discoveries in proven or near field areas.Meanwhile, you will have seen that we have signed a strategic agreement with Rosneft to gain access to very promising exploration licenses in the Barents Sea and in the Black Sea, increasing the potential of our portfolio and providing support to long-term growth prospects.In Gas & Power, in March, we completed the renegotiation of our gas supply contracts with Gazprom. The recognition of the associated economic effects was retroactive to the beginning of 2011, and is included in our Q1 Marketing results.Finally, we are progressing on our strategic objective of our lock-in value from our non-core listed assets.Regarding Galp, on March 29, we signed an agreement to sell 5% of the Company to Amorim for EUR14.25 per share. Once the sale is completed, we will have significant optionality on the disposal of our stake.With regard to Snam, I would like to remind you that the Italian Government has passed legislation envisaging the completion
ENI SpA	the demand for natural gas and petroleum products pertaining to residential heating. The demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year being the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter being the warmest months.Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first nine months cannot be extrapolated for the full year. In the third quarter the net profit amounted to E2.34b with an increase of around 48% which compared to the same period of 2004.Excluding special items and inventory gains the adjusted net profit totaled E2.45b with an increase of around 69%. Such a strong performance is the result of a 55% increase in the operating result mainly as a consequence of the strong performance in the upstream and the R&M, and an income growth from investments for E145m. Mainly related to the higher contribution of gas and power up periods accounted for all in the computing method mainly GAAP.The positive effects were partially offset by higher taxes amounting to around &pound;640m and related to the higher taxable income. In the first nine months of 2005 reported and adjusted net profit amounted to E6.7m and E6.9m respectively. An increase versus the same
ENI SpA	will be doing to ensure that our outperformance continues over the next four years. We have a distinctive and unique set of assets and we have therefore pursued a deliberately differentiated strategy from our peers.In 2005, when I took over as CEO, most of our peers were focused mainly on oil and gas, had larger, much larger refining businesses than Eni and were pursuing very popular investment projects such as Canadian tar sands. Some market commentators at that time felt that to succeed we should emulate some of these larger peers through divestments of some significant parts of our businesses such as Snam Rete Gas and Saipem, building a larger refining capacity and investing as well in Canadian tar sands projects.We felt that our differences could in fact become our strengths. Our plan was clear, we wanted to build our production organically and through selected acquisitions in areas that we knew and which had an attractive E&P potential. We believed then, as we continue to believe today, that our gas presence in Europe was a strategic differentiator which should be invested in and we would continue to limit and rationalize our refining capacity.After five years what we achieved were first
ENI SpA	Descalzi and Domenico Dispenza. We will be happy to answer to your question at the end of the presentation. In the first quarter of 2010, the market fundamentals had a mixed impact on Eni's results, and the energy sector in general.Oil prices increased by 72% compared with the first quarter of 2009, while European refining margins, which averaged US$2.4 per barrel, were down 55%. Finally, the euro showed an appreciation of 6% versus the US dollar, averaging US$1.38 during the quarter. As usual, I would like to remind you that Eni's results are affected by several issues, including the seasonal nature of demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for its residential heating, which peaks in the first quarter of the year, and is at its lowest in the third quarter. Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first quarter cannot be extrapolated for the full year.Moving to the results, adjusted operating profit in the first quarter was EUR4.3 billion, up 16% year-on-year, thanks to the higher contribution of the exploration and production division, partially offset by the weaker performance of the gas and power and refinery marketing divisions. Adjusted net profit in the first
ENI SpA	of our businesses will improve their results over the next four years. We will highlight, in Gas & Power, both the short-term trading issues, and the midterm recovery opportunities. And in R&M, the work we are doing to bring this business back to profit.We will also take you through our main subsidiaries, and the key ways in which we will generate value over the plan. But before we go into our four year strategy and targets, let me give you an update on our operations in Libya.In this situation of confused conflict, the safety of our people is the priority. We have repatriated almost all our expatriates, and a significant proportion of our Libyan staff has taken leave. As a result, production has been suspended at our offshore gas facilities, which were feeding the export market. And the Greenstream pipeline, connecting Libya to Italy, has been temporarily shut.Production has also been suspended from Bu Attifel oil field, owing to insufficient staffing levels. This means that today, we are producing around a third of our capacity in the country, mainly gas for domestic power generation. Our assets have suffered no damage, and we are technically able to resume production when the
ENI SpA	who many of you know well from his time as Deputy CFO of Eni, and in key positions in E&P, for a more detailed look at the Q4 and full year numbers.With regard to the highlights, in 2012, Eni delivered a robust performance. On top of that, we have fundamentally changed the profile of our Company.Eni is now financially stronger, and more focused. Our balance sheet has been transformed through the disposal of significant stakes in Snam and Galp, we have reduced net debt by almost EUR13 billion, bringing our leverage to 25% from the previous 46%. Our remaining stakes in Snam and Galp are worth around EUR5 billion at current market prices, and we will continue to pursue value-creating opportunities.The transformation of our balance sheet has gone hand in hand with that of our long-term growth prospects. Exploration has been truly exceptional. In 2012, we have added over 3.6 billion BOE of new resources, or almost 6 times our 2012 production. And this is not just Mozambique. We have also had significant success in the Barents Sea, West Africa, and in Egypt, and through efficient project sanctioning, we have achieved an organic reserve replacement ratio of 147%.We're on track
ENI SpA	to give you an update on the growth and returns which our new Eni is positioned to deliver.E&P is the main driver of our growth. As Claudio will detail later today, we have a wave of projects coming onstream over the next 24 months. This, coupled with our track record of exceptional exploration success, means we are posed to deliver a decade of strong growth.Our production will grow to around 2.5 million BOEs a day, through 1.3 million new barrels, which we are -- which are well placed on the cost curve, and will deliver robust returns.In Gas & Power, we are positioning ourselves to make sustainable profits, even in a hub-priced world, through accelerated counter-renegotiation, a continued focus on solid segments like retail and LNG, and the evolution in the way we serve our larger wholesale customers. Marco Alvera will be leading the effort on some of these fronts. We give you some more color during the course of the afternoon.For different reasons, R&M, and our chemical business, Versalis, have been a significant drag on our overall results. Cost cuts, capacity rationalization, and in Versalis, a refocusing on profitable segments, means we are expecting significant improvements for both businesses
ENI SpA	restored after the shutting of Mellitah and now we are back in the region of 260,000 BOE per day. In Nigeria, we have repaired pipeline damage in the last year floods, although force majeure in the swamp area remains in place.With fourth quarter disruptions now largely resolved and assuming no further shuttings, we confirm full-year production guidance. Growth will be driven by our expected start-ups and ramp ups, which are broadly on track. At the same time, we have continued to consolidate our long-term growth prospects. Exploration and discoveries amounted to around 600 million BOE of resources and we have secured promising new opportunities, including our shale gas block in China.In gas and power, first quarter results reflected the deteriorating competitive environment. In Italy, demand has continued to fall by 5% in the quarter, driving our prices lower than those in Northern Europe. Meanwhile, our supply costs do not yet include the expected benefits of negotiations.On the positive side, we are performing well in Brazilian segments, such as LNG, retail and new structure products. And supply side negotiations are progressing constructively. We continue to expect to close a significant part of them in 2013. On this basis, we confirm our
ENI SpA	interim review. In the first six months of the year, we have made significant progress in implementing our long-term strategy. In E&P, where our strategy's to deliver sustainable industry leading growth, we have achieved a solid production increase of 2.8% in a climate of unprecedented oil price strength. Net of the PSA effect, our production growth would have been 8.1%, with robust growth of 2.3% excluding portfolio acquisitions. We have positioned ourselves well to deliver superior future growth through our successful exploration and by building a position in unconventional oil in Venezuela and Congo.This excellent result testifies the strength of our E&P division which has prospered under the stewardship of Stefano Cao and of his right-hand man, Claudio Descalzi, who today succeeds him as COO. In the last year and half when almost 100% of Stefano's time was absorbed by the Kashagan negotiations, Claudio's been running the rest of our E&P activities globally, and has been directly responsible for most of our major achievements. Claudio joined Eni in 1981 and has grown through the ranks of the E&P division to become Stefano's natural successor. I'm extremely pleased to introduce him to those of you who have not yet met him.
ENI SpA	right-hand man, Claudio Descalzi, who today succeeds him as COO. In the last year and half when almost 100% of Stefano's time was absorbed by the Kashagan negotiations, Claudio's been running the rest of our E&P activities globally, and has been directly responsible for most of our major achievements. Claudio joined Eni in 1981 and has grown through the ranks of the E&P division to become Stefano's natural successor. I'm extremely pleased to introduce him to those of you who have not yet met him. And take this opportunity to thank Stefano for his 30 years' contribution to the Group.In Gas and Power, where our strategy is to consolidate and extend our European leadership, we have continued to grow our international stage rapidly, reporting a 20% increase in the first six months of the year. We have also strengthened our strategic position through the acquisition of a 57% stake in Distrigas, the Belgian gas operator, which is nearing completion following yesterday's signing of the shareholders' agreement with Publigas and through our investment in Hewett, potentially Europe's largest gas storage project.All this has been accomplished while maintaining a disciplined approach to investment and a strong financial structure. As you all know,
ENI SpA	you through those in details. Looking ahead, we are currently working on our plan for 2009-2012, and we will update you on our strategy presentation next February. But given the turbulence that we are seeing, both in the wider financial markets and in the oil market itself, I thought it might be helpful to give you my perspective on how this affects our future plans.The first point to make is that Eni's strategy is devised on the basis of a conservative oil price scenario. Indeed, our 2008-2011 strategy was built on the assumption that the average oil price would be $64 a barrel in 2008 and would then fall to $57 a barrel in 2009, $56 in 2010, $55 in 2011, and $50 in the long term.This is the scenario that we used last year in the rigorous assessment process to determine our investments and, actually, I would expect the new scenario to be very close to it. Therefore, the four-year capital expenditure plan that we presented in February is robust in the current market conditions and the upstream acquisitions that we've completed to date are cash generative and solid, below the long-term assumption of $50 a barrel oil price.Having
ENI SpA	macro environment, I intend to propose to the Board an interim dividend of EUR0.50 per share, which reflects Eni's prudent approach to the short-term challenges.During the first six months of the year we made good operational progress across our businesses, consolidating our long-term growth prospects. In E&P we developed our portfolio further and we have added 300 billion BOE of new resources through successful exploration activity. A significant contribution comes from discoveries in Angola, Gulf of Mexico, Indonesia, Pakistan, and Brazil through Galp. This was achieved amidst a 30% reduction in exploration expenses year-on-year.In the same period we have added 21,000 square kilometers of new acreage to our portfolio, which will sustain our resource replacement. Amongst this new acreage is the Barnett Shale formation, which we acquired from Quicksilver. This alliance will promote technical exchange, particularly in drilling and completion technologies in unconventional gas sales.In Gas & Power we completed the restructuring of the regulated business and the integration with Distrigas. I will now hand you over to Alessandro for the second-quarter results.ALESSANDRO BERNINI, CFO, ENI S.P.A.: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. In the second quarter of 2009 the Brent price showed an increasing trend averaging $59 per barrel, down
ENI SpA	Henry Hub prices down 61%. And European refining margin continuing to weaken, averaging $2.3 per barrel, down 63% year on year. The euro showed a depreciation of 5% versus the US dollar, averaging $1.43 during the quarter.As usual, I would like to remind you that Eni's results are affected by several issues, including the seasonality of demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating, the demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year and lowest in the third quarter. Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first nine months cannot be extrapolated for the full year.Moving to the results, adjusted operating profit in the third quarter amounted to EUR3.1b, down 50% year on year. This result reflected the lower contribution of the Exploration and Production, and the Refining and Marketing divisions. Adjusted net profit in the third quarter declined by 61% to EUR1.2b as a result of a weaker operating performance, lower results reported by equity-accounted entities and the higher adjusted tax rate, up 3.4 percentage points in the quarter.Hydrocarbon production in the third quarter decreased by 4.9% compared to the same period of 2008, averaging 1,678m of boe
ENI SpA	to ramp these up over the next two months, and into the first quarter of '12, along with the re-start of the large Bahr-Essalam offshore gas field, expected before year end.Overall, the recovery of our activities in Libya has enabled us to slightly reduce our estimate for the negative impact of the crisis on full-year production.We have also continued to deliver excellent exploration results, of which our recent discovery in Mozambique is the stand-out example, both in terms of size and because it opens up a new frontier for us in East Africa.We have made good progress on our development projects, in particular taking the FID for the Samburskoye field in the Yamal Peninsula, putting us on track for start-up in '12.Just to give you an update on gas renegotiations, our discussion with Sonatrach have been positive, and we are close to reaching a mutually satisfactory conclusion. Our discussions with Gazprom are progressing and we have seen evidence of an increasingly constructive dialog. While it is difficult to be deterministic about the timing of a deal, we remain confident about the outcome.But now let me give you a detailed overview of our Q3 results. In the third quarter of '11
ENI SpA	Far East, with the discoveries in Jangkrik North East, which have almost doubled our resources in the area.In the Barents Sea we have Skrugard and, in recent weeks, Havis have opened up a new hub with 500,000 boe of recovered reserves.And, of course, in Mozambique where we have today announced the results of our second well, Mamba North and raised our estimate of gas in place to 30 TCF. We are very excited about the blocks further potential, and have expanded our exploration and appraisal plan, with eight further wells to be drilled in the next two years.Overall, we have added 1.1 billion boe of resources in 2011, building on our excellent track record in exploration over the past four years.We have also made good progress on our key projects for medium-term growth, signing the GSA's and taking final investment decisions for Perla in Venezuela and for our fields in the Yamal Peninsula in Russia. We are pleased with the technical and commercial progress on these developments, which alongside with the year other FIDs, will contribute 140,000 boe a day of new production by 2015.Another highlight of Eni's performance in 2011 was the quick operational recovery in Libya. While the
ENI SpA	leading to a fast recovery in our 2012 production. In 2011, we have also made significant progress on key projects, including the FIDs of giant fields in Venezuela and Russia, adding certainty and visibility to our near term growth prospects.But the key reason why Eni is stronger now than a year ago is the success of our exploration in Norway, West Africa and Mozambique, which will drive our strong growth to 2021 and beyond.Turning now to our mid and downstream businesses, over the last year, we have taken further steps to increase our competitiveness in what remains a challenging market context. In Gas & Power, we have concluded counter renegotiations with two of our main suppliers, Sonatrach and Gazprom. We will leverage on our improved cost and flexibility to continue to build our European market footprint, a strategy which will position us well to recover profitability as the market tightens.In R&M and Chemicals, we have further streamlined our operations, and have targeted additional cost savings and optimizations in each business. In Chemicals, in particular, we are also targeting a number of initiatives which will significantly improve our competitiveness.Let me now take you through our strategy and targets in more detail.In
ENI SpA	market conditions in our Italian and European businesses with Gas & Power, Refining & Marketing, and Chemical buffeted by euro area headwinds.I will now take you through each of these points in a little more depth. Sandro will then present the financial performance in Q2.Let's look at Snam and Galp. As for Snam, the disposal process is well underway. Following the signing of the sale of 30% to Cassa Depositi de Prestiti, we have placed a further 5% in the market, crystallizing value for our investors, reducing the overhang on Snam, and confirming the market's appetite for this asset.For our remaining 20%, we are talking to potential investors. Depending on the evolution of these talks and market conditions, we will evaluate how best to progress on the disposal. Any transaction will take place following the closing of the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti deal, expected in the autumn.With regards to Galp, we have recently executed the first step of our disposal process, completing the sale of 5% to Amorim Energia for EUR14.25 per share, and exited the Company's shareholder pact. We are now free to evaluate the different options to extract value from our stake with flexibility, and no time constraint.As
ENI SpA	completion of the sale of 30% of (inaudible) and the further debt deconsolidation from Snam in the region of EUR1b.Our business is increasingly focused on an E&P division which, in the third quarter, continued to show strong performances driven by the ramp-up of Libyan production and exceptional exploration success.Looking at Gas and Power, Refining and Marketing and Chemicals, we are making good progress on our plans to tackle challenging market conditions.In Gas & Power, we are working on the renegotiation of our supply cost and have opened negotiations with counterparties including Statoil and GasTerra.On the commercial front, we continue to grow in our target markets with sales in France, Germany and Austria up by 43% year on year, and to focus on higher margin segments such as retail and international LNG.In Refining and Marketing, while benefiting from the current spike in refining margins, we continue to work on reducing overall capacity with an agreement to reconvert our Venice plant into a green refinery and on cost-cutting, which we expect to total almost EUR100m by year end 2012.Lastly, we are working to improve our chemical footprint in the context of a very weak market. In particular, in the quarter we have
ENI SpA	reached a new height averaging $97 per barrel and increasing by approximately 68% compared to the first quarter of 2007.The European Refining Margin averaged $3.8 per barrel, increasing by 25% compared to the first quarter of 2007. The margins realized by our oil refineries underperformed the trend of the benchmark indicators. This is because our refineries yields are less geared to diesel products which performed strongly, and more weighted on fuel oil which quoted at a strong discount versus diesel.Finally the Euro showed an appreciation of 14% versus the U.S. dollar compared to the same period of last year.As usual I would like to remind you that Eni's results are affected by several issues including the seasonal factor affecting the demand from natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating. The demand for which is the highest in the first quarter of the year, the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter, the warmest months. Therefore Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first quarter cannot be extrapolated for the full year.Having said this, I'm very pleased to announce record quarterly adjusted results. The adjusted net profit amounted to EUR3.1b, up around 14% if compared
ENI SpA	at a strong discount versus diesel. Finally the Euro showed an appreciation of 14% versus the U.S. dollar compared to the same period of last year.As usual I would like to remind you that Eni's results are affected by several issues including the seasonal factor affecting the demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating. The demand for which is the highest in the first quarter of the year, the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter, the warmest months. Therefore Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first quarter cannot be extrapolated for the full year.Having said this, I'm very pleased to announce record quarterly adjusted results. The adjusted net profit amounted to EUR3.1b, up around 14% if compared to the same period of 2007. In dollar terms the adjusted net profit increased by 23%. This trend is mainly a result of the stronger operating performance.Adjusted operating profit increased by almost 13% compared to the first quarter of 2007, totaling EUR5.9b. In dollar terms, the adjusted operating profit posted a 24% increase versus the first quarter of last year. These results mainly reflect the stronger upstream result that was partially compensated by
ENI SpA	E&P, we finalized the sale to CNPC of a 20% stake of Area 4 in Mozambique. This sale realized EUR3 billion net cash, monetizing early our world class exploration success.Q3 was another rewarding quarter in terms of exploration, with almost 700 million barrels of resources added through the drilling bit.Production in the quarter was impacted by geopolitical factors with significant force majeure events in Nigeria and Libya.In gas and power supply, contract negotiations are progressing while market conditions remain soft. In line with our plan, we are continuing to expand our retail base, particularly in Europe, and we recorded good result from our trading and LNG businesses.In downstream, we are continuing to aggressively reshape our business. Around 13% of our refining capacity has been permanently taken offline. In addition, we are progressing with the rationalization of capacity in our chemical sector.Finally, having received the Board approval, we are ready to start our buyback program.In terms of market conditions, third quarter 2013 was quite calm. The average Brent price was $110.40 per barrel, slightly up year on year. However, Europe achieved a 6% versus US dollar to 1.32, reducing as a result by 5% euro denominated oil prices.Refining margins were particularly
ENI SpA	before the Q&A session, I will conclude with some final remarks and our cash allocation strategy. So, over to Marco for 2006 results.MARCO MANGIAGALLI, SVP OF FINANCE, ENI SPA: Thank you Paolo and good afternoon to everybody. I'll now elaborate on our fourth quarter results starting with a brief description of the market environment.In the fourth quarter of 2006 the Brent prices increased by about 5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2005, averaging $59.7 per barrel. European refining margins averaged $2.2 per barrel, decreasing by 57%. And, finally, the euro appreciated by 8.5% versus the U.S. dollar compared to the fourth quarter of 2005.Reported net profit in the fourth quarter of 2006 was EUR1.5b; 28% lower than in the fourth quarter of '05. This result includes inventory losses for more than EUR200m and the net negative special items for more than EUR600m on which I will comment in more detail when discussing the results for each division.Adjusted net profit amounted to EUR2.4b which was substantially in line with the fourth quarter of last year. This performance is attributable to a 3% decrease in the adjusted operating result, which was partially offset by a lower adjusted tax rate, equal to
ENI SpA	to remind you that Eni's results are affected by several issues, including the seasonal factors affecting the demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating, the demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year, the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter, the warmest months. Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first quarter cannot be extrapolated for the full year.Having said this, let us now comment on the financials. In the first quarter adjusted net profit amounted to EUR2.7b, down around 9% if compared to the same period of '06. This trend is a result of the lower operating profit, minus EUR300m -- 300,000 -- EUR300m, and the higher financial expenses related to the mark-to-market valuation of derivatives.Despite an increased tax rate in the U.K. and Algeria, the adjusted tax rate amounted to 46.7%, substantially flat year on year, thanks to the strong results achieved in the gas and power division.Adjusted operating profit decreased by 5% compared to the first quarter of '06, totaling EUR5.3b. This result reflects the weaker upstream trading environment that was partially compensated by the strong performance achieved in the other business lines,
ENI SpA	dollar compared to the same period of lat year.As usual, I would like to remind you that our results are affected by several issues including the seasonal factor affecting the demand for natural gas and petroleum products used for residential heating, the demand for which is highest in the first quarter of the year, the coldest months, and lowest in the third quarter, the warmest months. Therefore, Eni's operating profit and change in net debt in the first nine months cannot be extrapolated for the full year.Having said this, let us now comment on the results. Adjusted net profit for the third quarter amounted to EUR1.89b, a decrease of approximately 28% compared to the same period of '06. This result mainly reflects a 17% decrease in the adjusted operating profit, as well as the higher adjusted tax rate which was 53% compared to the 48.8% for the same period of last year.Adjusted operating profit amounted to EUR4.2b, a decrease of 17% compared to the third quarter of 2006. This result mainly reflects the weaker results in the upstream and downstream oil businesses. It's worth mentioning that Engineering and Construction posted a 46% adjusted operating profit increase.Moving to our business segment
eBay Inc.	measures in the tables of our earnings release.In addition management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that have all risks and uncertainties including those relating to our company's ability to grow its business and user base. Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this call.Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to the company's needs to manage an increasingly large company with a broad range of businesses, the company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive environment for on-line trading including competition for its sellers from other trading sites, and other means of selling, and competition from its buyers, from other merchants on-line and offline, the litigation, regulatory credit card association and other risks specific to PayPal. The company's need to manage other regulatory tax and litigation risks, even as its product offerings expand and its services are offered in more jurisdictions.The company's ability to upgrade and develop its systems, infrastructure and customer service capabilities to accommodate growth at a reasonable cost, the company's ability to maintain site stability on all of its sites, the company's ability to continue to expand its model, the new types of merchandise and
eBay Inc.	commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBay.com.Before we begin I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we'll discuss some nonGAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measure to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call. In addition, Management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses user base and user activity.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including but not limited to: the impact of recent global economic events and the global economic downturn, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political business and economic conditions, our ability to profitably expand our business model to new types of merchandise and sellers, the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions, our increasing need to grow revenues from users
eBay Inc.	Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer. We are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the IR section of eBay's website at http.investor.eBayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through that same link.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of the conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measure in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the third quarter and full year 2013, and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise businesses. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed
eBay Inc.	those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base, and user activity.&nbsp;Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the Company's need to manage an increasingly large enterprise with a broad range of businesses of varying degrees of maturity; the Company's need to increasingly achieve growth from its existing users, as well as from new users in its more established markets; the Company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive e-commerce environment, including competition for its sellers from other trading sites and other means of selling, and competition for its buyers from other merchants online and off-line; the need to integrate, manage, and profitably expand newly acquired businesses, including Skype, the payment gateway business acquired from VeriSign, and shopping.com; the regulatory and competitive risks specific to Skype; the litigation regulatory credit card association and other risks specific to PayPal, especially as it continues to expand geographically; the Company's need to manage other regulatory, tax and litigation risks, even as its product offerings expand and its services are offered in more jurisdictions; the Company's ability to upgrade
eBay Inc.	ability to grow its businesses, user base, and user activities.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; our increasing need in established markets to grow revenues from existing users as well as from new users; an increasingly competitive e-commerce environment; our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability; regulatory tax and litigation risks, including financial industry risks specific to PayPal and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry; our need to successfully extend our platforms to new countries and new types of merchandising sellers; foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions. You can find more information about factors that could affect our results in our Annual Report on our Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, available at investor.eBay.com.You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statement, and we assume no obligation to update them. Now, over to Meg.MEG WHITMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, EBAY: Thank you, Lydia. Welcome, everyone, to
eBay Inc.	ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need in established markets to grow revenues from existing users as well as from new users; an increasingly competitive e-commerce environment; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; the impact of the Company's recently announced pricing and product changes; regulatory tax litigation risks, including financial industry risks specific to PayPal and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry; our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at a reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability; our need to successfully extend our platforms to new countries and new types of merchandise and sellers; foreign exchange rate fluctuations and the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions. You can find more information about factors that could affect our results in our annual report on our Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at investor.eBay.com. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update them.
eBay Inc.	uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need in established markets to grow revenue from existing users as well as from new users; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; regulatory, tax and IP and other litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal in the financial industry, and risks specific to Skype technology into the VoIP industry; our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and the impact and integration of recent end user acquisitions.You can find more information about factors that could affect our results in our annual report on our Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q available at investor.eBay.com. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements, and we assume no obligation to update them. Now over to Meg.MEG WHITMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, EBAY INC.: Thank you, Lydia, and hello everyone. Welcome
eBay Inc.	and user activity. Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call.&nbsp;Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the Company's need to manage an increasingly large Company with a broad range of businesses of varying degrees of maturity, the Company's need to increasingly achieve growth from its existing users as well as from new users in its more established markets, the Company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive eCommerce environment including competition for its sellers from other trading sites and other means of selling and competitions for its buyers from other merchants, online and offline, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the litigation, regulatory, credit card association and other risks specific to PayPal as it continues to expand geographically, the Company's need to manage other regulatory tax and litigation risks even as its product offerings expand and its services are offered in more jurisdictions, the Company's ability to upgrade and develop its systems infrastructure and customer service capabilities to accommodate growth at a reasonable cost, the Company's ability to maintain site stability and performance on all of its sites while adding new products and features in a
eBay Inc.	call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliations of those measures to GAAP measures in the tables of our earnings release. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base, and user activity. Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call.Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to the Company's need to manage an increasingly large company with a broad range of businesses of varying degrees of maturity. The Company's need to increasingly achieve growth from its existing users as well as from new users in its more established markets. The Company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive e-commerce environment, including competition for its sellers from other trading sites and other means of selling and competition for its buyers from other merchants online and offline. The need to integrate, manage, and profitably expand the newly acquired Skype business, the regulatory and competitive risks specific to Skype, the Litigation Regulatory Credit Card Association and other risks specific to PayPal
eBay Inc.	webcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and the call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management may look forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2010, and focus on the future growth of the payments and marketplaces business.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to the continuing impact of the global economic downturn; changes in political, business, and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions; our increasing need to
eBay Inc.	In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business and user base.&nbsp;Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call. Factors that could cause our contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to upgrade and develop systems, infrastructure, and customer service capabilities to accommodate growth at a reasonable cost; the Company's ability to maintain site stability and performance on all of its sites, such as PayPal, while adding new products and features in a timely fashion; the reaction of current and perspective customers and regulators to site stability issues; the Company's need to manage an increasingly large company with a broad range of businesses; the Company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive environment for online trading, including competition for it's sellers from other trading sites and other means of selling and competition for its buyers from other merchants online and off-line; the litigation, regulatory and credit card association and other risks specific to PayPal; the company's need to manage other regulatory tax and litigation risks even as it's product offerings expand and
eBay Inc.	of our earnings release. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and certainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business and user base.Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the Company's need to manage an increasingly large company with a broad range of businesses of varying degrees of maturity; the Company's need to increasingly achieve growth from activity and activation in addition to acquisition in its more established markets; the Company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive e-commerce environment, including competition for its sellers from other trading sites and other means of selling, and competition for its buyers from other merchants on-line and off-line; the Company's ability to upgrade and develop its systems, infrastructure, and customer service capabilities to accommodate growth at a reasonable cost, the litigation, regulatory, credit card association and other risks specific to PayPal; the Company's need to manage other regulatory, tax, and litigation risks, even as its product offerings expand and the services are offered in more jurisdictions; the Company's ability to maintain site
eBay Inc.	Our actual financial results could differ materially from those discussed during this conference call.&nbsp;Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to: The Company's need to manage an increasingly large Company with a broad range of businesses of varying degrees of maturity; the Company's need to increasingly achieve growth from its existing users as well as from new users in its more-established markets; The Company's ability to deal with the increasingly competitive e-commerce environment, including competition for its sellers from other trading sites and other means of selling in competition for its buyers from other merchants on-line and offline; The Company's ability to upgrade and develop its systems, infrastructure and customer service capabilities to accommodate growth at a reasonable cost; the litigation, regulatory, credit card association and other risks specific to PayPal; the Company's need to manage other regulatory tax and litigation risks even as its product offerings expand and its services are offered in more jurisdictions; the Company's ability to maintain site stability and performance on all of its sites while adding new products and features in a timely fashion. The Company's ability to profitably expand its model to new types of merchandise
eBay Inc.	providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call.This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions, and involve risks and opportunities. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the second quarter and full-year 2011 and the future growth in the Payments and Marketplaces businesses.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to the aftereffects of the global economic downturn; changes in political, business, and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; the
eBay Inc.	are providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call.All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com.In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties.These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the second quarter and full year 2012 and the future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses, mobile commerce and mobile payments.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of
eBay Inc.	represent year-over-year comparisons unless we clarify otherwise.This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be available for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and involve risk and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding expected financial results for the third quarter and the full quarter 2012 and the future growth in the payments, marketplaces and GSI businesses, mobile payments, and mobile commerce. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to global economic events, changes in political, business, economic conditions, including any European or
eBay Inc.	also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com.Before we begin I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, assumptions and involve risk and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the first quarter and full year of 2010, the focus of the Payments and Marketplace business units going forward, and future growth in the Marketplaces and Payments businesses.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to the continuation or worsening of the global economic downturn, changes in political, business and economic conditions, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions, our increasing need to grow revenues from existing
eBay Inc.	today on the call are John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Swan, our Chief Financial Officer.We're providing a slide presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebay.com.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the second quarter and full year of 2010, the focus of the payments and marketplaces business units going forward, and future growth in the marketplaces and payments businesses.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, the
eBay Inc.	Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation that accompany this conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements related to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risk and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding expected financial results for the third-quarter and full-year 2010, and future growth in the marketplaces and payments businesses.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including but not limited to the continuation or worsening of the global economic downturn; changes in political, business, and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; the impact in integration of recent and future acquisitions; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing increasingly large
eBay Inc.	of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the first quarter and full year 2011 and the future growth and the payments in Marketplaces businesses.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, the aftereffects of the global economic downturn; changes in political, business and economic conditions; foreign exchange rate fluctuation; the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions; our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users, particularly in more established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the
eBay Inc.	rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons, unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through our Investor Relations section of the eBay website at www.investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures and talk about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest-comparable GAAP measure in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the second quarter and full year of 2013, and future growth in the payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to changes in political, business and economic conditions, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, our
eBay Inc.	on the internet and both the presentation and the call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to the impact of recent global economic events and a potential global economic downturn, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political, business, and economic conditions, our ability to profitably expand our business model to new types of merchandise and sellers, the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions, our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, and increasingly competitive environment for
eBay Inc.	accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebay.com.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding expected financial results for the third quarter of 2009 and anticipated future stability and growth in the Marketplaces business unit.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to the impact of recent global economic events and the global economic downturn; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; changes in political, business and economic conditions; the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions; our increasing need to grow revenues from
eBay Inc.	is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we'll discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the fourth quarter of 2009, anticipated future stability and growth in the marketplace's business unit, and the sale of Skype.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, the impact of recent global economic events and the global economic downturn; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; changes in political, business, and economic conditions; the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions; the impact of divestitures, including Skype; our increasing need to grow revenues from
eBay Inc.	year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise.This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the investor relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss the non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the quarter and full-year 2011 and the future growth in the payments, marketplaces, and GSI businesses.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to global economic events; changes in political, business, and economic conditions; foreign exchange fluctuations; our ability to integrate, manage, and grow businesses recently acquired
eBay Inc.	accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All gross REITs mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. The conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet. Both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the website at investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same links.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2012, our three-year outlook, and the future growth in the payments, marketplaces and GSI businesses.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, global economic events;
eBay Inc.	to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise.This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the IR section of eBay's website at http.investor.eBayInc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of the conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures and talk about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measure in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on current expectations, forecasts, assumptions and involve risk and uncertainties. These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding expected financial results for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2012 and future growth in Payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses, mobile payments and mobile commerce.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to changes
eBay Inc.	Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements involving matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses, regulatory tax as well as IP and other litigation risks, including risks a specific to PayPal and the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry; our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; changes in political, business and economic conditions and the impact and integration of recent and future requisitions.You can find more information about factors that could affect our results in our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly
eBay Inc.	presentation accompanying this call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses under user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increased need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing Company with a broad range of businesses, regulatory, tax as well as IP and other litigation risks including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry, and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry. Our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political, business and economic conditions and the impact of integration of recent and future acquisitions.You can find more about factors that could affect our results in our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements and we assume no obligation to update
eBay Inc.	Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations's section of the eBay website, investor.ebay.com.Before we begin I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this call. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses under user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increased need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing Company with a broad range of businesses, regulatory, tax as well as IP and other litigation risks including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry, and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry. Our need to upgrade our technology and customer
eBay Inc.	presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBay.com.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and activity.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses, our need to manage regulatory, tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry, and risks
eBay Inc.	presentation accompanying the call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and activity.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses, our need to manage regulatory, tax, IP and litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry, and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry, our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable costs, while adding new features and maintaining site stability, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political, business and economic conditions, our ability to profitably expand our business model to new types of merchandise and sellers, and the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions.You can find more information about factors that could affect our operating results in
eBay Inc.	conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.eBay.com.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risk and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, the impact of recent global economic events and the global economic downturn, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, changes in political, business and economic conditions, the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions, our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing Company with a
eBay Inc.	presentation to accompany Bob's commentary during the call. All growth rates mentioned in John and Bob's prepared remarks represent year-over-year comparisons unless they clarify otherwise. This conference call is also being broadcast on the Internet, and both the presentation and call are available through our investor relations section of the eBay website at http investor.ebayinc.com. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during the course of this conference call we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call. In addition, Management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the first quarter and full year 2013 and of future growth in the Payments, Marketplaces and GSI businesses, mobile payments and mobile commerce.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of
eBay Inc.	being broadcast on the Internet and both the presentation and call are available through the Investor Relations section of the eBay website at investor.ebayinc.com. You can visit our IR website for the latest Company news and updates. In addition, an archive of the webcast will be accessible for 90 days through the same link.Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of this conference call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying the call.In addition, Management will make forward-looking statements relating to our future performance that are based on current expectations, forecasts, and assumptions, and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2013, and the future growth in payments, marketplaces, and eBay Enterprises businesses.Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the call for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, changes in political, business and economic conditions, including foreign exchange fluctuations; our need to successfully react to the increasing
eBay Inc.	the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risks and uncertainties, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its businesses, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need in established markets to grow revenues from existing users as well as from new users; an increasingly competitive environment for businesses; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; regulatory acts and IP and other litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry; our need to upgrade technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions.You can find more information about factors that could affect our results in our Annual Report on our Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on our Form 10-Q, available at investor.ebay.com. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements, and we assume the obligation
eBay Inc.	call we may discuss some non-GAAP measures in talking about our Company's performance. You can find the reconciliation of those measures to the nearest comparable GAAP measures in the slide presentation accompanying this call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risks and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business, user base, and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need in established markets to grow revenues from existing users, as well as new users; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; regulatory, tax, and IP, and other litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal in the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology into the VoIP industry; our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at a reasonable cost, while adding new features and maintaining site stability; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and the impact in integration of recent and future acquisitions.You can find more information about factors that could affect our results in our annual report on
eBay Inc.	in the slide presentation accompanying this conference call.In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users as well as from new users in established markets; an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses; the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses; regulatory, tax, as well as IP and other litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal and the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology in the VoIP industry; our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure in order to accommodate growth at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions and other transactions.You can find more information about factors that could affect our results in our Annual Report on our Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q available at http://investor.ebay.com. You should not unduly rely on
eBay Inc.	measures in the slide presentation accompanying the conference call.&nbsp;In addition, management may make forward-looking statements regarding matters that involve risk and uncertainty, including those relating to the Company's ability to grow its business, user base and user activity. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in this call for a variety of reasons, including our increasing need to grow revenues from existing users in established markets, an increasingly competitive environment for our businesses, the complexity of managing a growing company with a broad range of businesses, regulatory, tax, as well as IP and other litigation risks, including risks specific to PayPal in the financial industry and risks specific to Skype's technology and to the VoIP industry, our need to upgrade our technology and customer service infrastructure to accommodate growth at reasonable cost while adding new features and maintaining site stability, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and the impact and integration of recent and future acquisitions. You can find more information about factors that could affect our results in our annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, available at investor.eBay.com. You should not unduly rely on any forward-looking statements, and we assume no obligation to
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	L.P.: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss results for the second quarter. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, CEO of Enterprise's General Partner; followed by Jim Teague, Chief Operating Officer; and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance.During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, Enterprise's management team. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.MIKE CREEL, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thanks, Randy. We reported solid results this quarter, with four of our five business segments posting improved results compared to the second quarter of
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can (technical difficulty) no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those of the forward-looking statements made during this call.With that, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS: Thanks, Randy. Good morning to all of you. Thank you for joining us. We're very pleased as you might expect to have announced a strong first and fourth quarter and to have the opportunity to look back on 2005 and declare it a success by any measure. It exceeded our expectations, particularly in light of the challenges that we faced from the hurricanes and the disruption to normal business conditions and operations during the end of the third quarter and beginning of the fourth quarter.In that regard, I would like to start by recognizing our employees, who did a remarkable job by maintaining vital services to our customers during the hurricane period and then moving quickly to
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	and thanks for joining us today. Enterprise GP Holdings as you know was formed in April of 2005 and completed its IPO of 14.2 million common units on August 23, 2005. This morning, we announced fourth quarter 2005 net income of $19.7 million or $0.22 per unit on a fully diluted basis compared with $8.1 million or $0.11 per unit for the fourth quarter of last year.Our cash generating assets consist of 100% ownership interest of the general partner of Enterprise Products Partners L.P., the incentive distribution rights associated with Enterprise Products Partners general partner interest and 13.5 million common units of Enterprise Products Partners representing an approximate 3.4% LP interest in Enterprise Products Partners.We are very pleased with the strong performance of Enterprise Products Partners in the most recent quarter and for the year to date. Last week, the Board of Enterprise Products Partners increased the quarterly cash distribution rate from $0.43 per common unit to $0.4375 per common unit beginning with the distribution table on February the 9th. This $0.03 per unit annual increase will result in a $5.3 million increase in the annualized amount of cash distributions we expect to receive from Enterprise Products Partners as a
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially with those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thanks, Randy, and good morning to all of you. Thank you for joining us.We're very pleased to report what we think is a great quarter to start a very strong 2006. I have been -- I continue to be impressed with the cash flow stability of our assets, notwithstanding conditions in the quarter, certainly the first quarter of this year was one where we saw significant price volatility and a continued rebound from the hurricanes of last year.I think as we examine our quarter, we're also impressed with the consistent earnings power of our base businesses, those that form our midstream value chain. And really, that is the real story for this quarter -- the strong contribution of our base businesses. And we continue to see them grow and perform as we expect. So that should be your takeaway.As we
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during the call.&nbsp;Now we'll turn the call over to Mr. Mike Creel.MICHAEL CREEL, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE GP HOLDINGS L.P.: Thanks Randy. Good morning and thanks for joining us today. This morning we announced first quarter 2006 net income of $22.4 million or $0.25 per unit on a fully diluted basis compared with $9.5 million or $0.13 per unit for the first quarter of last year. Our cash generating assets consist of a 100% ownership interest of the general partner of Enterprise Products Partners L.P., the incentive distribution rights associated with Enterprise Products Partners general partner interest, and approximately 13.5 million common units of Enterprise Products Partners.We're very pleased with the strong performance of Enterprise Products Partners in the first quarter as it generated record gross operating margin and EBITDA and poses strong distributable cash flow.Last week the board of Enterprise Products Partners increased the quarterly cash distribution rate from $43.75 per common unit to $44.50 per common unit beginning with the distribution payable on May 10. This $0.03 per unit annual increase will result in an $8.9 million increase in the annualized amount of cash distributions we expect to receive
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no insurances such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thanks and good morning to all of you. Thanks for joining us. As you can see from the results, Enterprise had a great quarter in the second quarter of 2006. In fact, it was the best second quarter in the history of the partnership. Our businesses have performed consistently well in the past four quarters.We're gaining a lot of momentum, executing our long-term growth strategy. Cash flows are stable and improving and I think that highlights three of the real strengths of the Enterprise value chain concept. That is the portfolio's natural hedge against gas prices, the national scale or the large footprint in our assets, and the ability to drive higher margins through integrated services. And each of these are huge competitive advantages in the market that we compete
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Good morning and thank you to all of you for joining us this morning. As you would expect we are very pleased to announce another record quarter for Enterprise, with net income exceeding $200 million for the first time in the partnership's history. We are excited about the results and happy to report to you not only the highlights of the quarter, but status of our projects as well.I think it is important to note that we exceeded Consensus estimates out there well beyond the $50 million in insurance recoveries during the quarter. Our business is operating very well and we have a lot of upsides due to the new growth projects that we are going to be placing in-service over the next five quarters.With that opening, Mike will review the third quarter's performance, and I'll come back and update you on the projects and
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during the call.Now, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS: Thank you, Randy, and good morning to all of you that have joined us for the call. We are very pleased to report another solid quarter for Enterprise Products. The highlight for the quarter, in my view, is the continued increase in natural gas, natural gas liquids and crude oil volumes which feed our downstream pipelines, our processing and fractionation facilities, our storage, our distribution network, and our terminals. A strong supply position is clearly the cornerstone of success for our integrated value chain business model. And I think in the second quarter of this year, the numbers speak for themselves.Gas volumes averaged more than 8.2 Bcf a day, an 8% increase from the first quarter of 2005. Natural gas liquids, crude oil, and petrochemical volumes averaged more than 1.73 million barrels per
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	and Duncan 2010 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Thea. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners and Duncan Energy Partners joint conference call to discuss third quarter earnings. Our speaker's today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise and general partner; he'll be followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and then Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the General partner of Enterprise and also President and CEO of the general partner of Duncan Energy Partners. Also in attendance are other members of our senior management team.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management of both Enterprise and Duncan. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable; can give no insurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.Before I turn the call over to Dub, I'd like to mention that the results for Enterprise for this quarter do not include the results of GulfTerra Energy Partners, which was merged into Enterprise on September 30th. Beginning October 1, 2004, the financial results of GulfTerra will be included in the reported results for Enterprise.With that, I'll turn the call over to Dub.DUB ANDRAS, PRESIDENT & CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Good morning and thank you for joining us to review our third quarter and the completion of our merger with GulfTerra.First, in looking at the quarter, business conditions were excellent for both Enterprise and GulfTerra during much of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. Enterprise reported a record $138 million of gross operating margin for the third quarter. Volumes were up substantially at all of our
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, they can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.And now I will turn the call over to Dub.DUB ANDRAS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS: Good morning and thank you for joining us to review our fourth-quarter results. I'm happy to report that the first quarter, after our merger with GulfTerra, was very successful as we reported record performance. All of our business segments performed very well and we accomplished almost all of the synergies we had planned.Enterprise earned gross operating margin of $279 million which we estimate would have been $17 million higher if we had not had the lingering effects of Hurricane Ivan. The partnership generated distributable cash flow of $197 million and that provided 1.24 times coverage of the 40 cents per unit cash distribution that we will pay partners on February 14th.We increased our distribution to partners by
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can gave no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. And with that, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRES., COO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thank you, Randy, and good morning to all of you on the call. We're obviously very pleased with our first quarter results as we delivered strong operating performance across our value chain, recorded distributable -- a record in distributable cash flow and also delivered an impressive coverage ratio on distributions to our limited partners. Mike Creel will give you the financial and operating details, so I'm going to focus on the strategies and highlight some of the business activities that affected our performance during the quarter and we think build a great platform for future growth.Talking about the merger and the integration, of course this was the second full quarter since the GulfTerra merger and I think the results again confirm the benefits of the combination. Our
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Enterprise Products Partners and Duncan Energy Partners second quarter 2011 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you, Mr. Burkhalter, you may begin your conference.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP - IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Sara. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners and Duncan Energy Partners joint conference call to discuss second quarter earnings. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Bryan Bulawa, Senior Vice President and Treasurer for the General Partner of Enterprise. Randy Fowler, who normally covers the financial discussion and DEP is out ill today. There are also other members of our senior management team in attendance. During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management of both Enterprise and Duncan.Although
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Burkhalter, you may begin your conference.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss results for the first quarter. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise and General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO of the General Partner of Enterprise. There are also other members of our senior management team in attendance today.During this call today we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management team. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the SEC for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable (technical difficulty) no assurance such expectations (technical difficulty) correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors (technical difficulty) cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.Now, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS: Thanks, Randy, and good morning to all of you. And thanks of course for joining us. I had hoped to start this presentation with a, &quot;How about them Astros?&quot; But after a long night at the ballpark, it's obvious that the home team is not playing very well. Certainly, the home team here at Enterprise had a much better quarter then the Astros are having in the World Series. So we will move forward with that and focus on the highlights of our business.I think you would all agree with me that our record results in the third quarter were outstanding by any comparison and particularly given the challenges of hurricanes and price volatility that we faced during the third quarter of this year.I want to make
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	objections, you may disconnect at this time.I would now like to introduce Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Tina. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss first quarter earnings.Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and then Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner, will wrap it up. Also in attendance for the call today are other members of our senior management team to assist in Q&A. Afterwards, we will open the call up for your questions.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the SEC
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	like to introduce Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Tina. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss first quarter earnings.Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and then Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner, will wrap it up. Also in attendance for the call today are other members of our senior management team to assist in Q&A. Afterwards, we will open the call up for your questions.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the SEC for a list of factors that may cause actual
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	you. Randy, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss results for the fourth quarter of 2012.Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management team. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.MIKE CREEL, DIRECTOR, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thanks, Randy.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Jay. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners' conference call to discuss results for the first quarter 2013. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, CEO of Enterprise's general partner, followed by Jim Teague, Chief Operating Officer, and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance today.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management team. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. With that I'll turn the call over to Mike.MIKE CREEL, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thanks, Randy. I'll try to keep my
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Today's conference is being recorded. If there are any objections, please disconnect at this time.I would now like to introduce Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Dorian. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners and Duncan Energy Partners conference call to discuss earnings for third quarter. Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's general partner will lead the call, followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, as well as other members of our senior management team. After Randy Fowler's discussion, we will have a short discussion of Duncan Energy Partners' results led by Hank Bachmann, the CEO and President of Duncan Energy Partners' general partner. Afterward, we will open the call up for your questions.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	to Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Please go ahead, sir.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP - IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, all, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss third quarter results. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise, and General Partner; followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO as a General Partner of Enterprise. There are other members of our Senior Management Team also in attendance. During this call we will make Forward-looking Statements within the meaning of section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's Management Team. Although Management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.I will now turn the conference over to Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP OF IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS LP: Thank you, Christie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Enterprise Products Partner conference call to discuss fourth-quarter results. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise General Partner. Mike will be followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. And then Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO of the General Partner, will speak last. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance.During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21e of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management team. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will be prove to be correct.Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Randy Burkhalter. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, VP, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss results for the second quarter of 2012. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's general partner. He will followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO of the general partner of Enterprise. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance today.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to Enterprise's management team. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	Thank you Tiffany. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss results for our third quarter. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, President and CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management team. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. Tiffany, before I turn over to Mike, how is the quality of the call? Can you hear us?OPERATOR: Yes, you are coming through loud and clear.RANDY BURKHALTER: Okay. Alright, Mike.MIKE CREEL,
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.MIKE CREEL, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Good morning and thanks for joining us on this call today. I'm pleased to report another quarter of strong operating results. For the third quarter of 2007 we announced record transportation volumes in our pipelines, and in the fourth quarter we surpassed those numbers by transporting a record 2 million barrels of natural gas liquids, crude oil and petrochemicals, and more than 8.5 trillion Btus per day of natural gas through our integrated network of pipelines.We also fractionated a record 400,000 barrels a day of natural gas liquids, led by production at our Mont Belvieu and Hobbs facilities. This led to record gross operating margin of $431 million for the quarter. We're continuing to realize increasing cash flows from capital projects that began operations in the latter part of 2007, and we expect these assets will generate significantly higher cash flows
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during the call.With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.MIKE CREEL, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Good morning and thanks for joining us today as we discussed our first quarter results. It was another record quarter in terms of operating and financial performance. Our new assets, Independence Hub and Trail, the Meeker and Pioneer gas processing facilities, the Mid-America pipeline expansions and the Hobbs fractionator, as well as most of our other assets, had an exceptional quarter.For the second consecutive quarter our pipelines transported in excess of 2 million barrels per day of natural gas liquids, crude oil and petrochemicals led by our Mid-America and Seminole pipelines, which transported more than 1 million barrels per day of NGLs. Our natural gas pipelines transported a record 9 trillion BTUs per day, 6% more than last quarter's
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	Sir. You may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Holly. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products Partners conference call to discuss earnings for the first quarter in 2008. Mike Creel, Enterprise's President and CEO, will lead the call followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO. Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder, as well as other members of our senior management team. After the call we will open -- afterwards we will open the call up for your questions.During this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during the call.With
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your first speaker, Mr. Randy Burkhalter, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.RANDY BURKHALTER, DIRECTOR, IR, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you Laurie. Good morning and welcome to the Enterprise Products conference call to discuss earnings for the second quarter (inaudible) 2008. Mike Creel, Enterprise's President and CEO will lead the call today followed by Randy Fowler, the Company's Executive Vice President and CFO.Also included on the call today from Enterprise is Dan Duncan, our Chairman and Founder as well as other members of our senior management team. Also Hank Bachmann will lead the discussion on our Duncan Energy Partners earnings today. Afterward we will open the call up for your questions.During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, they can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.Please
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, they can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mike Creel.MIKE CREEL, PRESIDENT, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thanks, Randy, and good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. We had another quarter of record operating and financial results supported by strong performance for each of our business segments.As we noted in the press release, this is the third consecutive quarter for our pipelines to transport an excess of 2 million barrels per day of natural gas liquids and 8.5 trillion BTUs per day of natural gas. Also for the third quarter in a row, we fractionated more than 400,000 barrels per day of natural gas liquids.We benefited this quarter from volume and cash flows related to new assets
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	Partners conference call to discuss the results of the third quarter. Our speakers today will be Mike Creel, CEO of Enterprise's General Partner, followed by Jim Teague, Chief Operating Officer, and Randy Fowler, Executive Vice President and CFO. Other members of our senior management team are also in attendance for the call today.During this call, we will make Forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21-E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management team. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such Forward-looking statements are reasonable can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the Forward-looking statements made during this call. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.MICHAEL CREEL, CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Randy. This quarter we had record NGL and crude oil transportation volumes, record NGL fractionation volumes, and record LPG export volumes that led to solid results. These
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those and the forward-looking statements made during this call.With that, I will turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Randy, and good morning to all of you. Thanks for joining us. We're very pleased to announce another strong quarter for Enterprise and the completion of an exceptional year for our partnership. We're pleased to be able to detail that for you today.At the outset I would like to reemphasize that we think a key to our success this year was our Midstream value chain strategy; that continues to pay off. It was driven by higher oil and gas and natural gas liquids volumes and very healthy margins throughout many of our value chain business units, including -- we will point out record margins in the processing and fractionation area.Also contributing was strong demand for finished products and services from the refining and petrochemical sectors throughout the year. And we believe that that was a critical element in our success. As we executed our strategy throughout 2006, this
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.&nbsp;With that I'll turn the call over to Bob.BOB PHILLIPS, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning to all of you; thanks for joining us. Let me do a quick intro, and then I will turn it over to Mike, and then I'll come back and give you kind of our regular update on industry fundamentals and our projects.I think this is the first quarter of what will be a significant year in the history of Enterprise Products. I think we delivered a very solid quarter to start the year off. Mike will go into great detail and normalize the two quarters for you for comparison. And after that, I think, you will agree with us that we performed as expected in the first quarter, and we have great visibility of growth throughout 2007. In fact, I think there was some confusion about what consensus is. But, clearly, First Call has consensus at $0.19. So, we're very pleased with the quarter that we've delivered here, and we think the underlying fundamentals continue to be very strong.Let me also remind you that part
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	succeed Mike as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. As a result of these moves, this will be Ralph's last call to lead as CEO of Enterprise Products Partners, as Mike will step into that role in the next quarterly call, and Randy will lead the financial discussion.With that, I will move on to our forward-looking language.During this call we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, based on the beliefs of the Company, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise's management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the SEC for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements that are made during this call.And with that I will turn the call over to Ralph.RALPH CUNNINGHAM, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thank you, Randy. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the call today to discuss our second-quarter performance.We had another solid quarter of
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	Officer. Congratulations go out to both Mike and Ralph for their new appointments.&nbsp;And now, turning to our forward-looking language, during this call today, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21-E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on the beliefs of the Company as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to Enterprise GP Holdings' management. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.MIKE CREEL, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE GP HOLDINGS LP: Thanks, Randy, and thank you and good morning for joining us today to discuss our second-quarter 2007 performance.We continue to receive strong cash flows from our ownership interest in Enterprise Products Partners as they consistently grow earnings and distributable cash flow from their existing asset base as well as from new capital projects recently put into service such
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a list of factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.MIKE CREEL, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, and thanks for joining us on the call today. Our businesses had strong operating results this quarter with our integrated network of pipelines transporting a record 7.9 trillion BTUs per day of natural gas and 1.8 million barrels per day of NGLs, petrochemicals and crude oil. It is difficult to compare this quarter to the third quarter of last year, when records were set for just about every financial measure and operating measure. However, excluding recoveries from business interruption insurance and unusual items for both periods, this quarter compares favorably with the third quarter of 2006.We had a nice run of record quarterly results dating back to the third quarter of last year, and while we didn't set record this quarter, each of our segments turned in a strong operating performance, driven by a resilient economy and
Enterprise Products Partners L.P.	that such expectations will prove to be correct. Please refer to our latest filings with the SEC for a list of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made during this call.With that, I will turn the call over to Ralph.DR. RALPH CUNNINGHAM, CHAIRMAN, ENTERPRISE GROUP HOLDINGS: Thank you, Randy. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss our third-quarter performance.EPE posted record distributable cash flow in the third quarter. We increased the cash distribution to our partners this quarter, as we have every quarter since our Initial Public Offering in August 2005. That's nine consecutive quarters.When compared to the initial expected quarterly rate of $0.35 per unit at this time of the IPO two years ago, our latest quarterly rate of $0.395 per unit represents a 58% increase or a compounded annual growth rate of 26%. To ensure that our cash flow continues to grow, we've significantly grown our investment base with the May 2007 acquisition of general partner and limited partner interests in TEPCO and Energy Transfer.We received $70 million of cash distributions this quarter, comprised of $39 million from Enterprise, $16 million from TEPCO, and
Express Scripts	over to George, who will discuss our quarter's results.GEORGE PAZ, PRESIDENT & CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you David and good morning. Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' fourth quarter performance.For the fourth quarter net income was 67.4 million or 86 cents per diluted share, and represents an increase of 19 percent over last year's fourth quarter. For 2003 we reported net income of 249.6 million or $3.16 per diluted share, which represents a 24 percent increase over 2002. Earnings per diluted share for 2003 and 2002 reflect additional interest charges of four cents and one cent per diluted share respectively resulting from the early retirement of debt.We generated a record $176.5 million of cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter 2003 compared to 139 million in the same period last year. During the quarter we repurchased 1.1 million shares of common stock for 64 million. For the year cash flow from operations totaled 458 million compared to 426 million last year.Mail pharmacy claims were 8.6 million, a 21 percent increase over last year. Mail claims as a percentage of total adjusted claims grew to 21 percent from 18 percent for the same period last year. Quarterly (indiscernible)
Express Scripts	call over to George Paz who will discuss the financial results for the quarter.GEORGE PAZ, PRESIDENT, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David and good morning.Today I'm pleased to announce Express Scripts's first quarter performance, but first I would like to introduce Ed Stiften, who has joined Express Scripts as our new Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ed comes to us from BJC Healthcare, a large healthcare system with about $2.5 billion in revenues, where he was CFO since 1998. Before joining BJC Healthcare, he held senior positions in finance at Clark Refining and General Dynamics which is a $20 billion market cap corporation, publicly traded. We are pleased to welcome Ed to our senior team and he looks forward to working with you in future quarters.For first quarter, net income was $70 million or 89 cents per diluted share compared to 74 cents per diluted share for the first quarter of '03. We generated $97.8 of cash flow from operations for the first quarter compared to $94.4 million for the same period last year. Generic utilization reached an all-time high of 49%, compared to 47% at this time last year. Mail claims set a record of $9.3 million,
Express Scripts	net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our web site at express-scripts.com.Now I'd like to turn the call over to Ed Stifton, who will discuss the financial results for our our quarter.ED STIFTON (ph), CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts second quarter performance. For the second quarter, we reported net income of $65.4 million or 83 cents per diluted share. Reported earning included charges of 10 cents per diluted share for charges resulting from the early retirement of debt, which had been discussed previously, and included a 1 cent per diluted share share charge for unanticipated costs associated with implementing the DoD TRICARE program. This compared to 74 cents per diluted share for the second quarter of 2003, which had also included a 4 cent charge for the early requirement of debt.With respect to cash, for the quarter, we generated $55.5 million of cash flow from operations, compared to $26.2 million for the same period last year. And the $55.5 million was after, roughly, $10 million of prepayment of the debt. During the quarter, we redeemed $204.5 million of principal balance of
Express Scripts	may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties.The Company's results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earning release which is also posted on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Jeff. He'll discuss our third-quarter financial results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. As most of you already know, Express Scripts had another strong quarter. We attribute this success to the continued focus on our model of alignment. That is we make money when our clients save money.We're taking this model alignment to the next level through our consumerology initiatives, the application of human behavior and behavioral economics to the pharmacy benefit. By using technology to tailor our offerings and interactions to each individual, we can increase therapy adherence and lower cost of care, delivering lower costs and better health outcomes.
Express Scripts	this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is on our website. At this point I would like to turn the call over to Jeff Hall, who will discuss our fourth quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. As most of you already know, Express Scripts had another strong quarter and year. Earnings per share were up 30% for 2008, and we have guided to 19% growth at the midpoint of our range for 2009. Cash flow from operations was $1.1 billion, up 29% from 2007, and return on invested capital was 26.8%, up from 23.7% in 2007. We attribute this success to the continued focus on our model of alignment. We only
Express Scripts	conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings.In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point I will turn the call over to Jeff who will discuss our financial results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EVP, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Before I begin my comments on the quarter I have two administrative comments. First, as we have said we expect the Next Rx acquisition to close in the second half of 2009. As a result, neither the first quarter results we provide today nor any forward guidance includes any impact related to Next Rx.Second, last night we found a typo in the 10-Q we filed. A comment that said we had a $2.6 million one-time tax benefit in the first quarter of 2009. Should have read that
Express Scripts	morning, everyone. With me today are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO, Matt Harper, our Interim CFO, and other members of senior Management.Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements, and may include financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in the Company's filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes, all financial numbers we talk about today, will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables included in our press release for a reconciliation of GAAP, to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our press release. The earnings release is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website.This presentation will also be posted to our website at the conclusion of our conference call, and will include an appendix with footnotes and the reconciliations of GAAP to adjusted numbers, and
Express Scripts	operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website at Express-Scripts.com. And finally, we're having an analyst meeting and a tour of our [Tempe] mail facility on April 7th. If you're planning to attend please send me your RSVP to ensure a place at the meeting for you. At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften who will discuss the financial results for our fourth quarter.ED STIFTEN, SVP, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts' fourth-quarter performance. We reported record fourth-quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.75 per share compared to $0.53 per diluted share recorded for the same quarter last year. Excluding a $0.02 per share charge for early retirement of debt diluted earnings per share in the fourth quarter was $0.77, an increase of 45% over the last year. For 2005 we reported record diluted earnings per share of $2.68 compared to $1.79 for 2004. Excluding nonrecurring items in both years, diluted earnings per share for 2005 was $2.60, an increase of 34% over $1.94 last year.We also generated $262 million of cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter compared to
Express Scripts	the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften, who will discuss our results for the quarter.ED STIFTEN, SVP & CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts first quarter performance. We reported first quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.70, compared to $0.57 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. First quarter of 2006 includes $0.02 per diluted share in stock option expense, as FAS 123R share base payment was adopted in 2006. Last quarter, last year's first quarter included a $0.01 per share nonrecurring tax benefit. For the quarter, the Company reported cash flow from operations of $41 million, which was negatively impacted by several factors. Number 1, due to the timing, the unique timing of collections and disbursements surrounding the end of 2005, approximately $50 million of positive cash flow occurred in the fourth quarter of 2005 instead of first quarter 2006, as disclosed previously. In addition, cash flows for the quarter were reduced due to the working capital
Express Scripts	Ed Stiften who will take a look at our second quarter performance.&nbsp;ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts second quarter performance. We reported second quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.75, a 25% increase from $0.60 per diluted share on an adjusted basis last year, which excludes an $0.08 per diluted share non-recurring tax benefit for last year. For the quarter, the Company reported cash flow from operations of 152.8 million which as we explained last quarter, was negatively impacted by working capital impact from the lower adjusted claims sequentially. We still expect the cash flow will be in the 625 to $700 million range for 2006.During the quarter, Express Scripts repurchased 9.5 million shares of common stock for $707.7 million. In our original guidance, we had assumed that the vast majority of our free cash flow would be used to repurchase shares at various points throughout the year. The fact that we actually repurchased more shares and repurchased them on average sooner than our previous guidance contributes $0.02 to additional earnings per share this year.We had a strong quarter which we believe positions us well for the second half of
Express Scripts	addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website.At this point, I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften, who'll discuss our results for the third quarter.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.Today, I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts third quarter performance. Overall, we had a very good third quarter, delivering strong performance in several areas throughout the Company. We reported record third quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.83, representing growth of 24% over last year's adjusted EPS. We repurchased 2.5 million shares demonstrating a confidence in our business. This repurchase, which was contemplated in the guidance we provided last quarter, increased EPS by approximately $0.003 for the quarter and will increase full year EPS by approximately $0.01. The roll off of lower margin claims from a few specific clients continue to mask what would have otherwise been another strong quarter for home delivery. Excluding the reduction in home delivery claims from these specific clients, home delivery claims would have increased 9% over last year.We continue to demonstrate our leadership in generic utilization, which reached a record
Express Scripts	at express-scripts.com.&nbsp;At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. This morning we announced that our 2007 diluted earnings per share is expected to be in a range of $3.90 to $4.02 per share, representing growth of 20% to 24% over the midpoint of 2006 guidance range. Our outlook for 2007 continues a trend you have seen over the last several quarters of strong profit growth, driven by higher generic utilization and [inaudible] home delivery, lower drug purchasing costs, increased productivity and capital structure improvements. In addition, we expect to see sequential improvement in our specialty business.The guidance also continues another trend we experienced in 2006, and that is the continued migration of members in discount card programs and a large state Medicaid program to Medicare programs that we do not manage. At Express Scripts expects long-term claims growth in the 3 to 6% range, total adjusted claims for 2007 are expected to decline between 5 and 6%, mainly as a result of the continued migration of these lower margin claims to Medicare. Excluding the reduction of this lower margin business, total adjusted claims would have otherwise increased 2 to
Express Scripts	posted on our website at express-scripts.com.At this point, I'll turn the call over to Ed Stiften, who will discuss our second-quarter results.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' second-quarter performance. Reflecting the 2-for-1 stock split, we reported record second-quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.68 per share, compared to $0.42 per diluted share reported for the same quarter last year. During the quarter, we realized a benefit from some state tax planning strategies, and recorded a one-time non-cash benefit of $11 million, of which 10.2 million pertains to periods prior to 2005. Last year's second-quarter earnings included additional interest expense of 12.3 million, reflecting the redemption of our 9 5/8% senior notes. So, excluding the one-time good news event from this year's quarter and the one-time bad news event from last year's quarter, diluted earnings per share in the second quarter was $0.60 per share, or a 30% increase over the $0.46 per diluted share from last year. We also generated 178.3 million of cash flow from operations for the second quarter, compared to 55.5 million for the same period last year.We enjoyed very strong results for the quarter. Gross
Express Scripts	of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP and the adjusted numbers we will be discussing, The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release is posted on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Jeff who will talk about our third quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today we are pleased to report another record quarter and provide guidance for 2011. Our strong results and outlook for the future are the result of our differentiated strategy. Our business model of alignment enabled by our behavior centric approach supported by market leading technology and service levels. Our execution of this strategy helps our clients and patients drive out wasteful spending which in turn helps us continue
Express Scripts	Web site at www.express-scripts.com.Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ed Stiften, who will discuss the financial results for our quarter.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you, David. Today, I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts' third-quarter performance.For the third quarter, reported net income was $62 million, or 80 cents per diluted share, which includes a 20 cent per share charge to increase legal reserves. Excluding this charge, diluted EPS was $1, up 23 percent from the 81 cents reported last year.Gross profit increased 14 percent to 235.4 million from 206.8 million last year, resulting from record levels of clean volumes and generic utilization. Retail claims reached an all-time high of 101.8 million, which were up 13 percent over last year. (indiscernible) claims saw a record of 10 million which is up 22 percent over last year, and on an adjusted basis, claims increased 15 percent to 132.6 million, also an all-time high. Also driving gross profit, generic utilization reached a record of 51 percent, compared to 47 percent last year. The 51 percent consisted of approximately 52 percent of retail and 41 percent in mail.While gross profit dollars benefited from the record level of generic and mail utilization,
Express Scripts	we would provide 2005 earnings guidance no later than mid-December. As you can see, that guidance was provided earlier this morning. Based on expectations for growth in retail and mail claims volume, including the contribution from CuraScript, further increases in generic utilization, greater productivity and other cost management initiatives and capital structure improvements, we expect that 2005 diluted earnings per share will be in the range of $4.50 to $4.65. This guidance assumes approximately an 8 percent increase in adjusted claims volume. And with respect to the quarterly timing of earnings per share, we are forecasting that the growth rate in the first 2 quarters as compared to the first 2 quarters of '04 will approximate the annual EPS growth rate. We believe the EPS growth rate for the fourth quarter will slightly exceed the annual rate and the third quarter will be slightly less than the annual rate.With respect to free cash flow and our capital structure activities, we would offer the following. We are comfortable with our current level of debt, which fluctuates in the 400 to $500 million range. We see no need to increase cash reserves. We have no current plans to initiate a dividend payment.
Express Scripts	can be found in our earnings release which is posted to our website at express-scripts.com.Now I would like to turn the call over to Ed Stiften who will discuss the financial results for the fourth quarter.EDWARD STIFTEN, CFO, SENIOR VP, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' fourth quarter performance. For the fourth quarter net income was $80.9 million, or $1.07 per diluted share, which represents an increase of 24 percent over the $0.86 per diluted share from last year. For 2004 full year we reported net income of $278.2 million, or $3.59 per diluted share, compared to $249.6 million, or $3.16 per diluted share from last year. Excluding charges in both years, diluted EPS for 2004 was $3.87, an increase of 21 percent over the $3.20 from 2003. So 21 percent for the year, 24 percent for the quarter.From a cash flow standpoint we generated a record $193 million of cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter, which compares favorably to $176.5 million for the same period last year. During the fourth quarter we repurchased 2.4 million shares of stock for $176.1 million or, in other words, we used 91.2 percent of
Express Scripts	in the Company's filing with the SEC. In addition the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted to our website. Also our analyst meeting will be held tomorrow beginning at 9 am EDT at our CuraScript facility in Orlando. We look forward to seeing many of you there.Now I would like to turn the call over to Ed Stiften who will discuss the financial results for the quarter.ED STIFTEN, CFO, SVP, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' first quarter performance. For the first quarter net income was $85.3 million or $1.14 per diluted share, which represents 28% increase over the 89 cents per diluted share reported last year. Excluding non-recurring items in both periods diluted earnings per share were $1.11 which is 26% increase over an 88 cent per share adjusted number from last year.We generated $138.1 million of cash flow from operations for the first quarter compared to $97.8 million for the same period last year. With a strong first quarter cash flow we now expect the full year 2005 cash flow from operations
Express Scripts	conference call may be forward-looking statements, may include financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our recent SEC filing.For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we'll be discussing, and the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website.At this point, I'll turn the call over to Jeff, who will discuss our first-quarter results.JEFF HALL, EVP & CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING CO: Thanks, David. On April 2, we completed the acquisition of Medco. In anticipation of closing, we maintained high levels of project spending to free up capacity for integration activities in the year, and delayed cost-savings opportunities, keeping staffing at higher levels to support integration planning. We also incurred additional expenses during the quarter to ensure a smooth transition for new clients
Express Scripts	Stiften, who will discuss our financial results.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you David. Today, I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts' third quarter performance.We reported record third quarter diluted earnings per share of $0.68, compared to $0.40 per diluted share reported for the same quarter last year. Both those numbers are unadjusted. Excluding non-recurring items in both years that are discussed in our release, diluted earnings per share in the third quarter was $0.67, an increase of 34% over the $0.50 per diluted share last year. We also generated a record $214.7 million of cash flow from operations, in the third quarter compared to $150 million for the same period last year, and repurchased 4 million shares for $219.9 million.Our improved operating results for the third quarter continue the trend that you have seen over the last several quarters. As we've discussed previously, we no longer expect double digit claims growth. Going forward, we expect that annual utilization growth, scripts per member, will be in the 4-6% range over the next several years. Therefore, in order to achieve our historical EBITDA growth rate, more of our growth must come from increasing profits per claim.Accordingly, we've evaluated every aspect of
Express Scripts	to Ed Stiften who will discuss our guidance for 2006.&nbsp;ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss our earnings guidance for next year. We expect that diluted earnings per share will be in the range of $3.10 to $3.22, including $0.10 per diluted share in stock option expense at FAS number 123-R share based payment will be adopted beginning in January. This represents growth of 21% to 25% over the current 2005 First Call estimate of $2.57. We expect cash flow from operations will be in the range of $625 million to $700 million in 2006. This strong outlook for 2006 continues a trend you have seen over the last several quarters, as we have evaluated every aspect of our business, from how we manage our supply chain, operating our home delivery facilities, and patient contact centers and deliver value to our clients. The positive impact from lower retail and home delivery drug purchasing cost, higher generic utilization, increased management specialty drugs, and the growth in home delivery, we will continue to drive 2006 growth. And because our interests are aligned these positive trends will also result in lower drug costs for plan sponsors
Express Scripts	need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking and may be -- may include, but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website.At this point, I will turn the call over to Jeff who will discuss our fourth quarter results.JEFFREY HALL, EVP & CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Yesterday we released our fourth quarter results as well as our 2010 guidance.I'll start today by reviewing our strong quarterly performance, then provide some additional color around our 2010 outlook. For 2009, GAAP EPS was $3.11. Excluding transaction-related charges and amortization, adjusted EPS was $3.58. As most of you know, this includes $0.35 of financing cost we incurred prior to the December 1st close of the acquisition. So, on an
Express Scripts	and uncertainties.The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC reports. For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please prefer to the tables in our press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release is posted on our website. Now at this point, I'll turn the call over to Jeff, who will discuss our first quarter financial results.JEFF HALL, CFO & EVP, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Yesterday, we reported solid first quarter EPS of $1.10, which represents an increase of 25% over last year. Other highlights in the quarter were EBITDA for Rx at $2.92, the high end of our guidance range for the quarter; cash flow from operations was strong at $761 million, up 166% from the prior year. We made significant progress with the implementation of NextRx live and now have more than 15% integrated onto our system; and we raised the low
Express Scripts	me today are George Paz, our Chairman and CEO, and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements that may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.For clarity purposes all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for the reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release is posted on our website at Express-Scripts.com. At this point, I will turn the call over to Jeff who will discuss our second quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thanks, David. We plan to keep our prepared comments brief as we
Express Scripts	are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for the reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release is posted on our website. At this point I would like to turn the call over to Jeff who will discuss our fourth quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EVP, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today we are pleased to report another strong quarter. As I told you last quarter, we believe there are only a few metrics that truly matter four the creation of long-term shareholder value -- claims, earnings per share, EBITDA, cash flow, and, of course, return on invested capital. Our performance on all of these metrics
Express Scripts	everyone. With me today are George Paz, Chairman and CEO and Jeff Hall, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors that are discussed in detail in our SEC filings.For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the notes and tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release is posted on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Jeff, who will discuss our first-quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thanks, David. This morning we are reporting another quarter of strong growth, with EPS up 20% from the prior
Express Scripts	the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in the Company's filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes,all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release is posted on our website. At this point I will turn the call over to Jeff who will discuss our fourth quarter results and our guidance for 2013.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you David. Our fourth quarter results concluded a very strong 2012. We finished the year reporting earnings per share of $3.74, up 26% over 2011. The year benefited from strong integration execution, the accelerated realization of synergies, and increased generic and home delivery utilization which helped drive our clients trends to record lows. For the fourth quarter earnings per share were $1.05, up 28% over the
Express Scripts	may be forward-looking statements, may include financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risk and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings.For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliations of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The release is posted on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Jeff who will discuss our first-quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING CO: Thank you, David. We've gotten off to a strong start in 2013. Integration efforts are on track, and we are meeting our targets. Earnings and cash flow were both up significantly from last year allowing us to repay another $1.5 billion of debt and end the quarter with nearly $2 billion in cash. We repurchased 5.1 million shares during the quarter and increased
Express Scripts	begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking, and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website.At this point, I'm going to turn the call over to Jeff, who will discuss our second quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.As I'm sure most of you already know from our press release and quarterly filings, Q2 was another strong quarter for Express Scripts. For the past few months, we have been telling you about how we're taking our business model of alignment to the next level with consumerology. consumerology is the application of human behavior theory and behavioral economics to the pharmacy benefit. It's
Express Scripts	addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website.At this point, I'm going to turn the call over to Jeff, who will discuss our second quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.As I'm sure most of you already know from our press release and quarterly filings, Q2 was another strong quarter for Express Scripts. For the past few months, we have been telling you about how we're taking our business model of alignment to the next level with consumerology. consumerology is the application of human behavior theory and behavioral economics to the pharmacy benefit. It's rooted in the clear successes we have enjoyed, saving money for our clients by driving unprecedented market share shifts from high cost products to lower cost generics and formulary brands. One of the key pillars of consumerology is that when it comes to effective interactions with members, one size does not fit all. As a result, by using technology to tailor our offerings and interactions to each individual, we believe we will be able to increase therapy adherence and lower cost of
Express Scripts	conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are disclosed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can be found in earnings release which is posted on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Jeff who will discuss our financial results.JEFF HALL, EVP, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. As you saw from our press release last night, we had another solid quarter. We once again exceeded expectations and raised guidance for the remainder of the year. In addition to the strong performance, in June, we raised $4.1 billion of preacquisition financing for the NextRx acquisition. We decided to complete this financing before the close of the transaction in order to take advantage of improving debt market and to remove any financing or market risks. The pricing in terms of this financing were better than
Express Scripts	on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are in discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website.At this point I will turn the call over to, Jeff, who will provide details on our third quarter results.JEFF HALL, EVP AND CFO, FINANCE, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thanks, David.As most of you know we had another strong quarter with adjusted EPS of $0.81. This includes nonrecurring items but includes $0.18 of financing costs related to the NextRx transaction. On an apples-to-apples comparison of the base business we are up 22% over last year due to strong underlying financials. Gross profit percentage for the quarter continued to strengthen at continue 10.9%, up 140 basis points from last year. Total adjusted scripts were up over 2% due to some
Express Scripts	financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement, due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release is posted on our website.At this point, I will turn the call over to Jeff, who will discuss our financial results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS INC: Thank you, David. We reported another quarter of strong growth, with EPS up 22% from the prior year, and cash flow from operations at $957 million. US claims declined 2% year over year, mostly reflecting the current economic environment. This was partially offset by stronger script performance in Canada, which is a lower margin business. Claims for mid-year starts were in line with our original estimates.The quarter reflects
Express Scripts	forward-looking and may include, but are not necessarily limited to -- financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risk and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested, and any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we'll be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found on our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Jeff, who will discuss our fourth quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS INC: Thanks, David. Last night, we reported fourth quarter EPS of $0.82, up 15% from the prior year. EPS for the year was $2.97, up 19%. Cash flow from operations was $532 million for the quarter, and $2.2 billion for the year. Since our last call, we continued to make progress towards completing the Medco acquisition, including securing the
Express Scripts	read the following Safe Harbor Statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions.These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filing with the SEC. For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis.Please refer to the tables in our press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The earnings release is posted on our website.At this point, I'll turn the call over to Jeff, who will discuss our second quarter financial results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EVP, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING CO: Thanks, David. Well, obviously, we've had a few busy months here, including closing the Medco acquisition, executing our integration plan, migrating the first tier of live, focusing on the selling season, and signing a new contract with Walgreen's. In addition, we're also reporting strong
Express Scripts	Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our filing with the SEC. For clarity purposes, all numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables in our press release for reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in our earnings release. The release is posted on our website.At this point I'll turn the call over to Jeff to discuss our third-quarter financial results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING CO: Thanks, David. Our third-quarter results continue to trend a strong operating and financial performance. In keeping with our model of alignment, the increase in generic fill rate resulted in significant savings to our clients and our gross profit margin was up 30 basis points sequentially. Integration, including the migration of lives to
Express Scripts	CEO; and Ed Stiften, our CFO. Before we begin I need to read the following. Statements or comments made on this call may be forward-looking statements and may include but are not necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The condition's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors which are discussed in detail in our SEC filings. In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Ed.ED STIFTEN, SVP & CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' fourth quarter performance. We reported record adjusted earnings per share of $0.68 representing a 33% increase over the $0.51 on an adjusted basis for the fourth quarter of last year. For 2007, we reported a 42% increase in adjusted earnings per share to $2.35. We initially guided that earnings would grow 20 to 24% in
Express Scripts	cash provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release which is posted on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Ed.ED STIFTEN, SVP & CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' fourth quarter performance. We reported record adjusted earnings per share of $0.68 representing a 33% increase over the $0.51 on an adjusted basis for the fourth quarter of last year. For 2007, we reported a 42% increase in adjusted earnings per share to $2.35. We initially guided that earnings would grow 20 to 24% in 2007 yet our actual earnings per share growth of 42% reflects a very successful year of delivering value to our clients and strong results for our shareholders. For the year we generated record cash flow of $827.3 million compared to $658.6 million last year. During 2007, Express Scripts repurchased 23.1 million shares of its common stock for just over $1.1 billion, and since 2004 the Company has repurchased 74.2 million shares for $2.6 billion. Based on our stock price as of February 19th, these repurchases since 2004 have resulted in an annualized return of approximately 50%. As a
Express Scripts	to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities, can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Jeff Hall, who will discuss our first quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you David. Before I talk about our first quarter results, let me take a second to answer the three questions I've been hearing. Why did I decide to join Express Scripts? What are my initial impressions from my first month with the company, and what is my vision for the CFO role here? One of the things I do as a CFO, is analyze data and look for information in order to make good decisions.So in this context, as I went through the interview and due diligence process, three patterns that are very important to me became obvious. First, the management team and board are both very talented and driven to succeed. Second, there is a strong focus on alignment of the company's interest with that of its clients, and as a result success is defined by improving patient's health outcomes, lowering precipitation drug costs and trends for clients and patients, and
Express Scripts	Hall, our new CFO. Before we begin, I need to read the following statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements and may include, but are not necessarily limited to, financial projections or other statements of the company's plans, objectives, expectations or intentions. These matters involve certain risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, which are dicussed in detail in our SEC filing.In addition, the reconciliation of EBITDA to net income and the net cash provided by operating activities, can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point, I will turn the call over to Jeff Hall, who will discuss our first quarter results.JEFF HALL, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS: Thank you David. Before I talk about our first quarter results, let me take a second to answer the three questions I've been hearing. Why did I decide to join Express Scripts? What are my initial impressions from my first month with the company, and what is my vision for the CFO role here? One of the things I do as a
Express Scripts	we begin, I need to read the following Safe Harbor statement. Statements or comments made on this conference call may be forward-looking statements. And they include financial projections or other statements of the Company's plans, objectives, expectations, or intention. These matters involve certain risk and uncertainties. The Company's actual results may differ significantly from those projected or suggested in any forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors, which are discussed in detail in our filings with the SEC.For clarity purposes, all financial numbers we talk about today will be on an adjusted basis. Please refer to the tables included in our press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to the adjusted numbers we will be discussing. The reconciliation of EBITDA to net income can also be found in the press release. The Earnings Release is posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. This presentation will be posted on our website and includes an appendix with footnotes and the reconciliations of GAAP to adjusted numbers and EBITDA to net income.At this point, I'll turn the call over the George.GEORGE PAZ, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS HOLDING COMPANY: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Today we will cover three
Express Scripts	to net income and to net cash provided by operating activities, can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our Website at express-scripts.com.Also, Express Scripts has filed a Proxy statement, in connection with Caremark's special meeting of stockholders, at which Caremark stockholders will consider the CVS merger agreement, and matters in connection therewith. Express Scripts stockholders are strongly advised to read the proxy statement and the accompanying form, a gold proxy card, as they contain important information. Express Scripts also intends to file a proxy statement in connection with Caremark's Annual Meeting of stockholders, at which the Caremark stockholders will vote on the election of Directors for the Board of Directors at Caremark. Express Scripts stockholders are strongly advised to read this proxy statement and the accompanying proxy card when they become available, as each will contain important information.Stockholders may obtain each proxy statement, proxy card and any amendments or supplements thereto, which are or will be filed with the SEC free of charge, at the SEC's website at SEC.gov, or by directing your request to MacKenzie Partners Inc. at 800-322-2885, or by e-mail at Express-Scripts@McKenziepartners.com. In addition, this material is not a substitute for the prospectus,
Express Scripts	to Ed Stiften who will discuss our financial results for the quarter.&nbsp;ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I am pleased to discuss Express Scripts' first quarter performance. 2007 has gotten off to a very strong start, continuing a trend you've seen over the last several quarters of strong earnings and profit per script growth. We reported record adjusted earnings per share of $1.04 representing a 49% increase over the $0.70 reported for the first quarter last year. The $1.04 of adjusted earnings per share exceeded our first quarter guidance range of $0.90 to $0.95 due to several factors.One, we experienced lower drug purchasing costs and forecasts, we and our clients continue to benefit from this trend that you've seen over the last several quarters. Each quarter we typically accrue approximately $5 million in legal costs. However, this quarter there was no need to accrue that full amount due to lack of new legal activity. We also experienced lower direct processing costs and lower selling, general, and administrative expenses than we had anticipated.Our record generic utilization and lower drug purchasing costs not only generated significant savings for our clients and patients, it also generated a record high
Express Scripts	provided by operating activities can be found in our earnings release, which is posted on our website. At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed, who will discuss our second quarter performance.ED STIFTEN, CFO, SVP, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts's second quarter performance. We recorded record earnings per share of $0.56, representing a 47% increase the $0.38 per share reported for the second quarter last year. Share amounts reflect a two or one stock split that was effective in June. During the quarter we repurchased 17 million shares on a split adjusted basis for 826.7 million and to date we have repurchased 1.7 million shares. The Board increases our share repurchase program by 8 million shares bringing the total authorization to 120 million shares. For year to date, we generated $251.3 million of cash flow from operations, compared to $193.8 million for the same period last year, and are on track to generate 750 to $850 million for the year. Our strong results demonstrate a trend you've seen over the last several quarters of record generic utilization and lower drug purchasing cost. This not only generated significant savings for clients
Express Scripts	net cash provided by operating activities can be found on our earnings release which is posted on our website. At this point I'll turn the call over to Ed.ED STIFTEN, SVP, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David. Today I'm pleased to discuss Express Scripts third quarter performance. Reported record adjusted earnings per share of $0.60 representing a 43% increase over the $0.42 reported for the third quarter last year. For the quarter we generated $247 million of cash flow from operations compared to $158.8 million last year, and we expect to be in the upper half of our previous guidance range of 750 million to $850 million for the year.During the quarter we repurchased 6.1 million shares of common stock for $313.6 million, and year-to-date we repurchased 23.1 million shares for $1.1 billion. Our strong operating results were driven by record generic utilization and lower drug purchasing costs in the PBM segment. This strong performance in our PBM segment more than offset less than expected results in our specialty and ancillary services segment. We recorded $18.5 million in nonrecurring charges of the SAS segment, the majority of which pertains to a charge to bad debt expense resulting from the
Express Scripts	EBITDA, net income and net to cash provided by operating activities can be found on our website at express-scripts.com.At this point I will turn the call over to Ed Stiften.ED STIFTEN, CFO, EXPRESS SCRIPTS, INC.: Thank you, David.This morning we announced that our 2008 diluted earnings per share was expected to be in the range of $2.80 to $2.87, representing growth of 22% to 25% over the midpoint of our current 2007 guidance range. As a result of a successful selling season, we are forecasting that total adjusted claims will increase between 2% and 3% in 2008, with home delivery claims up between 9% and 11% and retail claims approximately flat with last year. Excluding the roll-off of low margin claims related to a state Medicaid and discount card programs, total adjusted claims would have increased between 4 %and 5% for 2008. Our outlook for 2008 continues the trend you've seen over the last several quarters, strong profit growth driven by higher generic utilization, lower drug purchasing costs, increased productivity and capital structure improvements. We also expect to see sequential improvement in our specialty and ancillary services segment, in addition the performance will improve as we close underperforming infusion sites
Ford Motor	Assistant Treasurer; and David Cosper, Ford Credit CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I'd like to review a couple of quick items. First, copies of this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using here today have been posted on the Ford Investor and Media websites for your reference.I would also point out that the financial results presented here are all on a GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalence as part of the appendix to the slide deck.And, finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation, and these risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K.With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Bill Ford. Bill?BILL FORD, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, FORD MOTOR CO.: Thank you, Barbara.Good morning to all of you. I'm pleased to join you this morning and to give you my perspective on our
Ford Motor	this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix in the slide deck.&nbsp;Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of the presentation. These risk factors are detailed in our SEC filings, including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-Ks.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mac.MAC MACDONALD, VP AND TREASURER, FORD MOTORS: Thank you, Dan. Good morning, everybody. Speaking with me today are [Paul Lewis] [ph], Executive Director of Corporate Finance, who is standing in for Jim Guoin, David Cosper, Vice Chairman and CFO of Ford Credit. And also with us are Patricia Little, our Accounting Director, and [Ann Marie Petak] [ph], who is with me here in London, and [Neil Schloss] [ph], our two Assistant Treasurers.With that, let me start it off by turning it over to Paul.PAUL LEWIS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF CORPORATE FINANCE, FORD MOTORS: Thanks, Mac. And good morning, everyone. I'll give you a brief overview of our results, and then
Ford Motor	the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation, and these risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K.With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Don Leclair. Don.DON LECLAIR, CFO, FORD MOTOR CO.: Thanks, Barbara. Good morning to everyone. We had a good second quarter. Earnings from continuing operations, excluding special items, were 61 cents a share. This was ahead of our guidance by about 13 cents going from the midpoint. Of that improvement, about half was due to a revised tax rate which I will cover later, and about half due to higher profits. Most of the change in profit was in financial services, reflecting continued favorable performance and credit losses and residual losses.We had another record quarter at Ford Credit, and further improvements in Ford Europe. Ford North America and Ford South America both were profitable, but the market in North America continues
Ford Motor	As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Bill Agne, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.BILL AGNE, DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning. With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit CFO.Before we begin, I would like to review a couple of quick items. Copies of this morning's earning release and slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. Financial results discussed herein are presented on preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our 2008 Form 10-K report. Additionally, financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some
Ford Motor	being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Bill Agne, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.&nbsp;BILL AGNE, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit's CFO.Before we begin, I would like to review a couple of items. Copies of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q on the first quarter.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a
Ford Motor	and good morning. Welcome to everyone joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our second-quarter 2013 financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor, and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also participating are Mark Fields, Chief Operating Officer; Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Now, copies of this morning's press release and presentation slides are available on Ford's investor and media website. Please note that the financial results discussed today are preliminary and include references to non-GAAP financial measures. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q, and any non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent in the appendix of the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Of course, actual results could be different. The most significant factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of this presentation and detailed in our SEC filings.With
Ford Motor	Controller. We also have some other members of management who are joining us for the call today including Marion Harris, the Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Global Accounting; and George Sharp, Executive Director, Investor Relations.Before we begin, I would like to review a few items. A copy of this morning's earnings release and the slides we will be using today have been posted on Ford Motor Company's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance but actual results could differ. The most significant factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors and other key information are detailed in our SEC filings.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Ford Credit CFO, Michael Seneski.MICHAEL SENESKI,
Ford Motor	Petach, Treasurer; Patricia Little, Director of Accounting and Dave Cosper, Ford Credit's CFO.&nbsp;Please note that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to our slide deck.Just a few administrative details to get out of the way before we get started. First, this room provides us with the ability to handle questions from both audience members and those of you participating remotely by phone. Instructions for queuing in by phone will be provided by the operator. We will be taking a 15 minute break at 10.15 and at that time, those of you who are here in Dearborn will need to move down the hall to the room where the business outlook presentation is taking place. Those of you joining in on the phone or the webcast can just stay on the line and be able to hear that presentation when it begins at 10.30. There is no need to reconnect.I would also like to ask those of you here in the room to please turn off your cell phones and
Ford Motor	results presented here are on a GAAP basis, and some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everybody that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K.And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Ford. Bill?BILL FORD, CHAIRMAN, CEO, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I'd like to begin the call by giving you my perspective on overall business conditions, an update on what we're doing to transform our business, and how we're responding to the specific challenges facing the U.S. automotive sector. I'm also going to touch on our commitment to our customers and the innovative spirit that I have been focusing on the past few months. And then I'll
Ford Motor	and media websites for your reference. I would also point out that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis, and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation. And these risk factors are also detailed our SEC filings, including our Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Ford.BILL FORD, CHAIRMAN, CEO, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Diane, and good morning, everyone. Don Leclair will take you through the details of our second-quarter financial results in a moment. But first I want to give you my perspective on our performance and the status of our turnaround efforts.We lost $123 million in the second quarter, or $0.07 a share. And this was caused by losses in our North American
Ford Motor	Credit's CFO.&nbsp;Before we begin, I would like to review a couple of quick items. A copy of this morning's earning release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. And as indicated in our press release and 8-K, we will be revising our financial results. Our Third Quarter results discussed in our presentation materials do not reflect those adjustments, which will be reflected in our Third Quarter Form 10-Q. Although some of the information being presented today will differ from that which will be included in our upcoming 10-Q, we think it still provides a good sense of our Third Quarter automotive results.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis, and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of this presentation.
Ford Motor	results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation. Additionally, these risk factors are detailed in our SEC filings, including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. Now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Don Leclair.DON LECLAIR, CFO, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thanks, Barbara and good morning to everyone. In the second quarter our earnings per share were $0.47 from continuing operations. That's an improvement of $0.12 a share on the high end of our guidance. That improvement primarily reflects improvements in our automotive operations in a number of areas, including cost, interest, and exchange. North America automotive reported a substantial loss which was disappointing. All of our other automotive operations were profitable in the second quarter, including PAG
Ford Motor	this morning at the Ford Motor Company investor website. I should note that about 9:00 AM this morning a revised appendix slide four was posted to the website.&nbsp;I would also point out that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix in the slide deck. I need to remind everyone that today's presentation may include some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about those factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors are detailed in our SEC filings including our Form 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K.With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Jim Gouin.JIM GOUIN, VP AND CONTROLLER, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: The thank you, Robert, and good morning everybody. This first slide that I will take you through is pretty much our standard financial metrics for the second quarter. And if you look at the second line down, you can see
Ford Motor	on the Ford investor and media websites for your reference. I would also point out that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases, on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectation for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Ford. Bill?BILL FORD, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Barbara. And good morning everyone. Today I want to talk to you about two issues, first our earnings for the quarter; second, the measures we're taking to address our operating challenges and the steps we are taking to build the business.As we've indicated this morning, we're reporting a third-quarter loss of 203 million or $0.10 a
Ford Motor	of the slides we will be using this morning at the Ford Motor Company investor website. I would also like point out that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis. And in some cases, on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to the GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix in the slide deck.Finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation may include some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors are detailed in our SEC filings including our Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-Ks.With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Jim Gouin.JIM GOUIN, VP AND CONTROLLER, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thanks, Robert, and good morning everyone. I'm going to go through just a couple of quick slides to summarize the third quarter and take a look at our milestones before I turn it over to Dave Cosper.The first slide is really a financial metric summary of the third quarter. And
Ford Motor	of today's call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Brian Harris, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.BRIAN HARRIS, DIRECTOR, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and KR Kent, Ford Credit's CFO.Before we begin I would like to cover a few items. Copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q.The financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in
Ford Motor	begin, I'd like to review a couple of quick items. First, copies of this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using here today have been posted on the Ford Motor Company investor and media web sites for your reference.I would also point out that the financial results presented here are all on a GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix to the slide deck.And finally, I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K.With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Don Leclair. Don.DON LECLAIR, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, F: Thanks, Barbara. And good morning to everyone.Well, we had a good third quarter. Earnings from continuing operations excluding special items was 28 cents a share. This exceeded the high end of our
Ford Motor	earnings release and the slide deck that we will be using here today have been posted on the Ford Motor Company Investor and Media Web sites for your reference.I would also point out that the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix to the slide deck.As you know from our comments back on our October earnings call, we will be hosting a meeting next Tuesday morning to review our 2005 business outlook and present our 2005 financial milestones. Consequently, we will limit our discussion this morning to our 2004 results and defer any comments on 2005 until Tuesday.Details regarding participating in next Tuesday's meeting either by phone or Webcast are included in this morning's earnings release and we encourage all of you to join us then.Even with that, I need to remind everyone that any forward-looking statements that may be made this morning about our expectations for Ford's future performance are governed by Safe Harbor provisions. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here today.Additional information about
Ford Motor	the Ford Motor Company investor and media website for your reference. I would also point out that financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix (technical difficulty).Finally I need to remind everyone that today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results is summarized at the end of the slide presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K.And with that, I would now like to turn the call over to Bill Ford.BILL FORD, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, FORD: Thank you, Barbara, and good morning everyone. In a moment Don will take you through the details of our first-quarter results and guidance for the second quarter and full year. But first I want to give you a brief overview of where our business is today and where it is headed. I will talk about the factors that cause
Ford Motor	financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalents as part of the appendix in the slide deck. I need to remind everyone that today's presentation may include some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here.Additionally, information about these factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of this presentation. Key risk factors are detailed in our SEC filings including our Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-Ks. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Jim Gouin.JIM GOUIN, VP, CONTROLLER, FORD MOTOR CO: Thank you, Robert, and good morning everybody. Based on some feedback that we've received from you, I actually want to change a little bit the format of this, and I'll just do a very brief corporate overview given that we just had the call earlier this morning. I would mention to you that that call of course you can have on replay I think through April 27th overall. So it is there for you to
Ford Motor	in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. K.R. Kent, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.K.R. KENT, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company; Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer; also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit's CFO.Before we begin I would like to cover a few items. A copy of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference.The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q. The financial results
Ford Motor	I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our first-quarter financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, our President and CEO of Ford, and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Now before we begin I would like to cover a few items. Copies of today's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed today are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q that will be filed next month.The financial results presented are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Of course actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments today. The most significant factors that
Ford Motor	Investor Relations. Please proceed.GEORGE SHARP, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or by webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our second-quarter financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Before we begin, I would like to cover a few items. Copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides we will be using have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference. The financial results discussed today are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q that will be filed next month.The financial results presented are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to
Ford Motor	towards the end of this presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Brian Harris, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.BRIAN HARRIS, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katena, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit CFO.Before we begin I would like to cover a few items. Copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference.The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q. Additionally, the financial results presented
Ford Motor	towards the end of this presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Brian Harris, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.BRIAN HARRIS, IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katena, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit CFO.Before we begin I would like to cover a few items. Copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference.The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q. Additionally, the financial results presented
Ford Motor	Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.BRIAN HARRIS, DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Tawanda; and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit's CFO.Before we begin, I would like to cover a few items. Copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q.The financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent as part of the Appendix to the slide deck.Finally,
Ford Motor	now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. K.R. Kent, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.K.R. KENT, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Good morning. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I'd like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company; Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer; and also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit's CFO.Before we begin I would like to cover a few items. A copy of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference.The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis and final data will be included in our Form 10-K. The financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial
Ford Motor	presentation over to Mr. K.R. Kent, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.K.R. KENT, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Tawanda. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; David Brandi, Assistant Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, the Ford Credit CFO.Before we begin, I would like to cover a few items. Copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q.The financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent
Ford Motor	all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our fourth-quarter and full-year 2012 financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also participating are Mark Fields, Chief Operating Officer; Stephen Odell, President, Europe, Middle East and Africa; Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Now before we begin, I need to cover a few things. As you know, we are in the process of realigning our African operations with Europe and the Middle East under Stephen Odell to take advantage of profitable growth opportunities and efficiencies. Changes to our business unit reporting to reflect the realigned organization will begin next year. The data reviewed today and used by us throughout 2013 will be consistent with our reporting over the past several years.Also, copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using have been posted on
Ford Motor	over to Mr. George Sharp, Executive Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.GEORGE SHARP, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Jenada, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or by webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I'd like to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our first-quarter 2013 financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company; and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also participating are Mark Fields, Chief Operating Officer; Stephen Odell, President, Europe, Middle East and Africa; Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Now before we begin, I would like to cover a few items. Copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using have been posted on Ford's Investor and Media website for your reference. The financial results discussed today are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q that will be filed early next month.The financial
Ford Motor	Ford Vice President and Treasurer and Stuart Rowley, Ford Vice President and Controller. We also have some other members of management who are joining us for the call, including Marion Harris, Assistant Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Global Accounting; and George Sharp, Executive Director, Investor Relations.Before we begin, I would like to review a few items. A copy of this morning's earnings release and the slides we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed today are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q that will be filed early next month.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on the call are reconciled with the US GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.New for this quarter, we have also included a few slides on Ford Credit Europe in the appendix for your reference. Additional information on FCE can be found at www.fcebank.com in the Investor section.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectation for Ford's future performance. Actual results
Ford Motor	this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Bill Agne, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.BILL AGNE, DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I'd like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit CFO.Before we begin, I'd like to review a couple of items. Copies of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q for the second quarter.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis, and in some cases on
Ford Motor	this presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Brian Harris, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.BRIAN HARRIS, DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you are spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit CFO.Before we begin I would like to cover a few items. Copies of this morning's press release and presentation slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference.The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our form 10-Q for the third quarter. Additionally, the financial results presented
Ford Motor	Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.K.R. KENT, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning.With me here today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit's CFO.Before we begin I would like to cover a few items. A copy of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis and final data will be included in our Form 10-Q.The financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in the call are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the
Ford Motor	Thank you, Katina, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or by webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our fourth-quarter and full-year 2011 financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Lewis Booth, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Bob Shanks, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Before we begin I would like to cover a few items. Copies of today's -- this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference. The financial results discussed today are presented on a preliminary basis; final data will be included in our Form 10-K that will be filed next month.The financial results are presented on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent as
Ford Motor	Chanel, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us today either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our third-quarter financial results.Of course our thoughts are with everyone impacted by Hurricane Sandy. We considered delaying this call but after much consideration we concluded that given our large and diverse worldwide investor base, changing the timing right before the planned date could cause significant confusion.Therefore, presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, and Bob Shanks, Chief Financial Officer. Also in attendance are Stephen Odell, Chairman and CEO of Ford Europe; Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Now before we begin, I need to cover a few items. Copies of this morning's press release and the presentation slides that we will be using have been posted on Ford's investor and media website for your reference. The financial results discussed today are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data
Ford Motor	release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-K for the year 2007.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases, on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our annual, quarterly and current reports to the SEC. With that, I would like to turn the presentation over to Alan Mulally, Ford's President and CEO.ALAN MULALLY, PRESIDENT & CEO, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thanks, Lillian and good morning to everyone. We will begin by reviewing the key financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year. Don will
Ford Motor	question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.&nbsp;I would now like to turn the presentation over to our host for today's call, Ms. Lillian Etzkorn, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.LILLIAN ETZKORN, DIRECTOR OF IR, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Katina and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to all of you who are joining us either by phone or webcast. On behalf of the entire Ford management team, I would like to thank you for spending time with us this morning. With me this morning are Alan Mulally, President and CEO; Don Leclair, Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Fields, Executive Vice President and President of the Americas. Also in the room are Peter Daniel, Senior Vice President and Controller; Neil Schloss, Vice President and Treasurer; Mark Kosman, Director of Accounting; and K.R. Kent, Ford Credit's CFO.Before we begin, I would like to review a couple of quick items. Copies of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor relations and media websites. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data
Ford Motor	to review a couple of quick items. Copies of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor relations and media websites. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q for the second quarter.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings including our annual, quarterly and current reports to the SBC.With that, I would like to turn the presentation over to Alan Mulally, Ford's President and CEO.ALAN MULALLY, PRESIDENT AND CEO, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thanks, Lillian, and good morning. As we all know, the last quarter has certainly been a challenging
Ford Motor	to thank you for taking the time to be with us this morning so we can provide you with additional details of our third-quarter 2013 financial results.Presenting today are Alan Mulally, President and CEO of Ford, who is linking in from our Asia Pacific Africa headquarters in Shanghai, China; and Bob Shanks, CFO. Also participating are Mark Fields, Chief Operating Officer; Stuart Rowley, Corporate Controller; Neil Schloss, Corporate Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Accounting; and Mike Seneski, Ford Credit CFO.Now, copies of this morning's press release and presentation slides are available on our investor and media website. Please note that the financial results discussed today are preliminary and include references to non-GAAP financial measures. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q, and any non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent in the appendix of the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Of course, actual results could be different. The most significant factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of this presentation and detailed in our SEC filings.With that, I would now like to turn the presentation over to Alan.ALAN MULALLY, PRESIDENT, CEO,
Ford Motor	Seneski, Ford Credit Chief Financial Officer; Neil Schloss, Ford Vice President and Treasurer; and Stuart Rowley, Ford Vice President and Controller. We also have some other members of management who are joining us for the call today including - Marion Harris, Assistant Treasurer; Paul Andonian, Director of Global Accounting; and George Sharp, Executive Director Investor Relations.Before we begin, I would like to review a few items. A copy of this morning's press release and the Fixed Income slides that we will be using today have been posted on the Ford Motor Company's investor and media websites for your reference.The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q. Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. Any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call are reconciled to the US GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. The most significant factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end
Ford Motor	copy of this morning's earning release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed here and are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-K for the year 2006.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases, on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our annual, quarterly and current reports to the SEC. With that, I would like to turn the presentation over to Alan Mulally, Ford's President and CEO.ALAN MULALLY, PRESIDENT & CEO, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thank you, Raj and good morning, everyone. We will begin by reviewing a few of the key financial results for
Ford Motor	financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our form 10-Q for the First Quarter.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck. Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could cause future results are summarized at the end of this presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our annual, quarterly and current reports to the SEC.With that I would like to turn the presentation over to Alan Mulally, Ford's President and CEO.ALAN MULALLY, PRESIDENT, CEO, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thanks, Lillian, and good morning to everyone. We will begin by a review of the key financial results for the First Quarter. Don will take us through some more of the details, then I will come back and wrap up before we take your questions. Starting with slide 2, wholesale
Ford Motor	a couple of quick items. A copy of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included on our form 10-Q for the second quarter. Additionally the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes some forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect future results are summarized at the end of the presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in our SEC filings, including our annual, quarterly and current reports to the SEC.With that I would like to turn the presentation over to Alan Mulally, Ford's President and CEO.ALAN MULALLY, PRESIDENT, CEO, FORD MOTOR COMPANY: Thanks, Lillian, and good morning to everyone. We will begin by reviewing the key financial results
Ford Motor	a couple of quick items. The focus of today's call will be the third-quarter financial results. We will not discuss our recent labor negotiations with the UAW. Once the tentative agreement is ratified, we plan to host a separate conference call to review the specifics. We ask that you refrain from any questions related to the contract today.A copy of this morning's earnings release and the slides that we will be using today have been posted on Ford's investor and media websites for your reference. The financial results discussed herein are presented on a preliminary basis. Final data will be included in our Form 10-Q for the third quarter.Additionally, the financial results presented here are on a GAAP basis and in some cases on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed in this call are reconciled to their GAAP equivalent as part of the appendix to the slide deck.Finally, today's presentation includes forward-looking statements about our expectations for Ford's future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those suggested by our comments here. Additional information about the factors that could affect the future results are summarized as the end of the presentation. These risk factors are also detailed in
General Electric	and the slides we will be walking through are available on our website at www.GE.com/investor. If you don't see it please refresh. You can download or print to follow along.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.We will be reviewing the GE press release about went out earlier today and have time for Q&A at the end. For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First page just kind of summarizes the environment and the environment remains very difficult. Credit losses continue in financial services. The financial service industry is still under stress, so those are still tough just like we described in December. Recession and growing unemployment, again, continues just like we saw at our year-end meeting.Two things that are mitigants. Deflation is out there and we are
General Electric	Slides are available via the webcast. Slides are also available for download and printing on your website at www.ge.com/investor. If you don't see it, please refresh.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.We will be reviewing the GE press release that went out earlier today and have time for Q&A at the end. For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now, I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Trevor and good morning, everyone. Just to start on the overview page, the global environment remains challenging. Everybody can read the newspapers every day and that is what we all see. GE I think demonstrated in this quarter that we are navigating through the recession.We will discuss in the presentation the way we are running the Company, but a couple of things that I want to point out -- very aggressive cost out, strong
General Electric	download and printing at our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes, please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast there is a large group here. We have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt; our Vice Chairman and new CEO of GE Capital, Keith Sherin; and our new CFO for GE, Jeff Bornstein. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thanks, Trevor. Good morning, everybody. On the first page, our environment improved slightly in the second quarter. Emerging markets remained resilient while Europe stabilized. Orders in the US were the strongest we have seen in some time with 20% growth, and overall our orders group by 4% and backlog increased to $223 billion.Our earnings were solid. Reported EPS was $0.36, but this includes $0.02 of uncovered restructuring. On a sustaining basis it would have been $0.38, up slightly from 2012, and year-to-date EPS is $0.75, up 6%.Operations were strong in the quarter. Margins grew by 50
General Electric	along.&nbsp;Also as always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Of course that world can change, and as the world changes our view can change. We'd ask you to interpret our comments in that light.On the call this morning we're going to cover the fourth quarter of 2005 as well as our total-year performance, as I said. We will give you an outlook for the first quarter of '06 and allow time at the end of the call for your questions. To cover all that of course and as usual, we have got Jeff Immelt, our Chairman and CEO, and Keith Sherin, our Senior Vice President and CFO, with us here this morning. And with that I will kick it over to Jeff.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Bill, good morning. Just on the overview page, we still see good fundamentals and positive momentum as we leave the year. Total-year orders were up 10%, solid growth really across the board. Equipment backlog is at 24 billion. We had a good quarter and good year in services, so that backlog continues
General Electric	as we always say, today, our presentation does contain forward-looking statements that are based on the world and economic environment as we see it today. That is subject to change. Please view that in your information in light of that.Today, we will cover first-quarter earnings, second-quarter outlook and then we'll open it up to questions. To do that, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Senior Vice President and CFO, Keith Sherin. So at this time, I'd like to turn it over to Jeff.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone. We had a strong quarter in a good economy in the first quarter of 2006. The GE business fundamentals remain positive. Our first-quarter orders were up 33% and we saw strength across the portfolio, a very strong performance on orders. Equipment backlog grew 22% as did our CSA backlog. We had very strong asset quality.The execution in the first quarter continued to be strong; revenues were up 10%, a little bit better than planned. Industrial operating profit, ex the Olympics and pension, were up 0.5 points. Earnings from continuing operations were up 14% and EPS was up 18%, so very strong performance
General Electric	CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Dan, thanks. I want to review a strong quarter for the Company starting with the environment. The markets for our products and services still remain very strong. The economy is solid. It is really being fueled by tremendous global infrastructure spend. We're seeing great growth around the world and the capital markets and liquidity are still very favorable, and we're still seeing strength with the U.S. consumer.Everybody is dealing with more inflation and interest rate increases, but we've been able to by and large factor that into our business model. The one challenging business we have is our plastics business where we've been unable to offset inflation with pricing and that is a business that we're focused on and really looking improve going into next year. Overall the performance in this environment is very strong. We like what we see for year end 2006 and going into 2007.If you look at the five key performance metrics that we look at on a quarterly basis, all of them are showing favorable improvement. If you start with growth, we've got significant orders growth, and that has just sustained a very strong trend. Revenue was up 12%
General Electric	slides are there.&nbsp;You can download and print and follow along. Please also remember that as always elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements, of course, can change as the world changes and we'd ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we'll cover our current quarter performance, our outlook for the third quarter as well as 2004 total year and allow an amount of time for Q&A at the end of the presentation. With that we'd like to go ahead and get started and I'll turn the presentation over to Jeff Immelt, our Chairman and CEO, and Keith Sherin, our Senior Vice President and CFO. Jeff.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC CO: Great, Bill, thanks and good morning, everyone. Just to start off with an overview on the second quarter, it was a good quarter for GE. The major portfolio actions completed and look great. We did a lot in the quarter. We closed the Amersham transaction in our healthcare business April, NBC/Universal was created in May and we launched the Genworth IPO also in May. These were
General Electric	in that light. This morning, we're going to cover the third-quarter performance. We'll give you an outlook for the fourth quarter and as usual, we'll set some time aside at the end to take your questions. For the call this morning we've got Jeff Immelt, our CEO and Keith Sherin, our Senior Vice President and CFO and with that, Jeff, why don't we tee off.JEFF IMMELT, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Bill. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I'll just go straight into the third-quarter performance. Another strong quarter for the company. Our business fundamentals remain positive. We have continued strong orders growth in third quarter, up 11% across the company. Stable asset quality and again throughout the organization, lots of stability and execution at a very high level.In terms of the financial performance in Q3, we had organic revenue growth up 8%. Total revenue up 9% to $42 billion. Our earnings were up 15% to 4.7 billion. EPS at $0.44, up 16%. Our operating profit rate expanded 1.3 points in the quarter. CFOA was very strong, up 51% and industrial CFOA was up 20% to $9.2 billion and based on the strong cash performance, we increased our buyback to over 4 billion
General Electric	welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's third-quarter 2010 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning. The presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor. We will have time for Q&A at the end.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice-Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Trevor. Good morning, everyone. The team had a good quarter and an improving environment. The environment generally continues to get better. Some of the things we look at like media buying, credit demand, our losses are declining. Equipment orders growing. I think those were all positives for GE.We are seeing a slow recovery in a few areas. Commercial Real Estate is performing as expected in
General Electric	also our outlook for the fourth quarter and total year 2004 and of course, at the end, we will allow time for Q&A.This morning, we are joined by Jeff Immelt, our Chairman and CEO, and Keith Sherin, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I will turn it over to Jeff to kick the call off.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Three months ago, I started off by saying that it was the best economy for GE businesses that we had seen since 2000 and that strong economy in the world of GE has continued in the third quarter. Our fundamentals remain strong. We have 8 of 11 businesses posting double-digit earnings growth. Excellent orders growth, equipment up 29 percent, flow up 13 percent, the service revenue was up 19 percent. Our growth platforms were up 25 percent. Organic orders growth were in excess of 10 percent. The energy business profile is as planned, so we continued to deliver on our commitments there.Our balance sheet of Financial Services remains very strong. We have excellent asset quality and utilization of price dynamics are improving. Cash flow again was a very strong performance,
General Electric	us.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Of course, those elements can change as the world changes, and we'd ask that you interpret all of our comments in that light.This morning we'll cover our current quarter performance, we'll give you some highlights of 2004, spend a few minutes on our outlook for the first quarter of 2005, and of course allow time at the end for Q&As.To do all of that we have JEFF IMMELT, our Chairman and CEO. Unfortunately though, today Keith Sherin, our Senior Vice President and CFO is home with the flu, as he has been all week, but he is with us on the line this morning and I'm going to do some of the slides that Keith usually presents. But Keith, are you with us?KEITH SHERIN, SR. VICE PRESIDENT, CFO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: I am, Bill. Thank you. It was a unanimous request to have me stay home, so thanks for taking---BILL CARY: No problem. Jeff, you ready to go?JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Sure am, Bill. Thanks. Good morning.Just on the first page
General Electric	the presentation slides are available via the webcast. Slides are available for download and printing on our website, www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of the presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would now like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor. Good morning, everybody. Thanks. This year we outlined two important catalysts for GE, double-digit earnings growth for Industrial and a dividend from GE capital, pending Fed review. In the first quarter, our Industrial businesses achieved a 10% earnings growth and GE Capital is exceeding our expectations, so we really had a good quarter.Externally global markets are improving but volatility remains. Infrastructure demand is generally healthy and the US is better. We're watching Europe with caution. We had the strongest Industrial growth performance since the crisis, 20% orders growth, 11% organic revenue growth, and 16% expansion in growth markets. GE
General Electric	via the webcast. Slides are also available for download or printing on our website at www.ge.comm/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thanks, Trevor, and good morning, everyone. The GE team had another good quarter. Let me start by giving you a few of the main points.First, we are confident in our earnings outlook for 2012. We remain on track for double-digit Industrial and Financial earnings growth for the year. We restarted the GE Capital dividend, returning $3 billion to the parent in the second quarter.The environment continues to be challenging. The US is stable. The appliance market grew by 1%. With housing starts up more than 30%, that bodes well for the future.Rail loadings were up 1.2%, and our retail volume in our private label credit card
General Electric	and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. Slides are also available for downloading and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor. We'll have time for Q&A at the end.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice-Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor. Thanks and good morning, everyone. On the first page, which is the overview page, I would make just a couple points that will tee up our presentation for the quarter.First, the GE environment has improved. We've seen orders strengthening, service orders grew by 14%. Our delinquencies have stabilized, non earnings are down so the world we look at really has improved and we're looking forward now into 2010.The GE business model has performed in the fourth quarter. The things we've talked about in the past in terms of how we are
General Electric	the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor. We will have time for Q&A at the end.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. On the overview page, look, we think this was a good quarter. Our environment continues to improve. We saw some encouraging signs in places like revenue passenger miles and losses declining in GE Capital.The business model is performing. We've got better margins and strong cash flow. And really most metrics in GE Capital improved in the quarter; Keith will go through that. The losses, delinquencies, and non-earning assets all declined.We think the 2010 framework remains achievable, really with upside potential, based on how we are
General Electric	as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt and our Vice Chairman and CFO Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just at the outset I would say I think the GE team had a really great quarter.Our environment continues to improve. Media buying was strong. Rail loadings were positive. Revenue passenger miles were positive. Losses have declined, and credit demand is up, and equipment orders were positive.We are still cautious in a few areas. We're working through a difficult commercial real estate cycle. After many quarters of decline, demand for electricity finally rebounded in the second quarter, and we think that is encouraging.As many people have written, we think this is a multispeed recovery. So the economy is going to strengthen at different paces around the world.Our earnings growth resumes. We are excited about that. EPS is up 15%.I think everyone likes what they see in GE Capital. The losses peaked and earnings are rebounding. And
General Electric	VP, INVESTOR COMMUNICATIONS, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thank you, Michael. Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's fourth-quarter and total year 2010 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. Slides are available for download and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor. As always, we will have time for Q&A at the end.Elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes, so please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Vice-Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor, thanks. Good morning, everyone. I want to give you, on the first page, an overview of a really good quarter for the Company and confirm a strong outlook as we think about 2011. The environment continues to improve. Really it is broader and deeper as we look across
General Electric	Good morning and welcome, everyone. We are pleased to host today's first-quarter 2011 earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are also available for download printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor.Due to the holiday tomorrow, we are reporting one day early and recognize this is a very busy earnings day for analysts and investors. To manage time constraints, we will move through the presentation fairly quickly and would appreciate if you could limit the questions to one per person during the Q&A period.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking that are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Vice-Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now, I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thanks, Trevor. Good morning, everyone. Just on the first page, just to give you an overview, I think another
General Electric	webcast. The slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice-Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thanks, Trevor and good morning, everybody. Hey, look, in the first quarter, our market conditions proved to be volatile. Most of our emerging markets, including China, remain strong. However, the US indicators were mixed. While housing improved, some of our shorter-cycle energy segments experienced push-outs from March. We plan for Europe to be similar to 2012, down again, but it was even weaker than we had expected. And finally, we had an FX headwind in our Oil & Gas business.Based on this backdrop, our results were mixed. Our EPS was $0.39, up 15%. This was actually $0.35 because not all of the NBCU gain was offset by
General Electric	we will be walking through are available on our website at www.GE.com. If you don't see it, please refresh. You can download or print to follow along.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light. We will be reviewing the GE press release that went out earlier today and have time for Q&A at the end.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thanks, Trevor, and good morning, everyone. Just on the overview page, clearly to everyone the environment remains very volatile. The global financial system is tough. We see consumer confidence falling, unemployment up again last week, but we still see pockets of strength in Infrastructure and Media, and we see that in both orders and our relative performance.The performance we announced this morning is completely in line with what we talked about that at the
General Electric	have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Thanks, Trevor, and good morning, everyone. Just on the overview page, clearly to everyone the environment remains very volatile. The global financial system is tough. We see consumer confidence falling, unemployment up again last week, but we still see pockets of strength in Infrastructure and Media, and we see that in both orders and our relative performance.The performance we announced this morning is completely in line with what we talked about that at the September 25 announcement. At that time we really put out three guideposts, if you will. We said financial service earnings would be about $2 billion; they came in at $2 billion. We said that Infrastructure and Media segment earnings would grow between 10% and 15%; and they grew at 12%. And we said we would deliver earnings in the range of $0.43 to $0.48; and we delivered $4.5 billion or $0.45 of continuing earnings.So we view this performance to be right in line with that announcement.We have also taken a
General Electric	webcast. The slides car also available for download and printing on our website at www.ge.com/investor. If you don't see it please refresh. As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes, please interpret them in this light. We will be reviewing the GE press release from earlier today and have time for Q&A at the end. For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt; our Vice Chairman and CFO Keith Sherin, and our Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Brackett Denniston. Now I would like torn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Thanks, Trevor, good morning, everybody. On the first page the overview, despite a difficult global economy we're pleased with our results. Overall earnings of $2.9 billion, energy and technology, infrastructure continue to perform. GE Capital is profitable and media and C&I basically were down versus last year. Our execution is very good. Our cash flow is ahead of plan. We've generated $7.1 billion from industrial cash flow year to date. We were
General Electric	webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor. We will have time for Q&A at the end of the presentation.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Vice-Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Trevor, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just going to the first page on the overview. I think GE had another solid quarter. The global environment is improving, but we are expecting a gradual recovery. For the quarter, we earned $2.5 billion, $0.22 per share, down 51%, really driven by Capital Finance. I think the good news is the Industrial segment profit was up 4%. Infrastructure, Media and C&I all had positive earnings. Capital
General Electric	and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. Slides are also available for download and printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. We had a solid quarter in third quarter with earnings up 11%. Growth was fairly broad-based. Organic revenue growth was 8% and orders were very strong. Energy, which has been a drag so far this year, should turn positive in fourth quarter.The environment was more volatile particularly in Europe and with US housing and this had a negative impact on both healthcare and appliances. However, emerging market growth was very strong. We have a strong balance sheet and we continue to execute a balanced capital allocation plan.Significantly, we
General Electric	the press release earlier this morning. The presentation slides are available. Slides are available for download printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor. Good morning. Thanks.Look, GE finished the year with real strength. We had the best order results in history.Many of our key end-use markets are showing momentum, like commercial real estate and aviation. The emerging markets continue to be very strong. There are a few challenged markets like Europe and appliances; but on balance we have a positive outlook.Company operations were strong. EPS grew by 11%. Organic growth was 5%. CFOA and liquidity were very strong.GE Capital exceeded all of their performance goals and ended with a very strong Tier 1 Common ratio. We are executing a balanced capital
General Electric	and the presentation slides are available via the webcast on our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC CO.: Great, Trevor, thanks. Good morning, everybody. Look, we had a good third quarter in a challenging environment. Europe is tough. Asia and resource-rich countries are okay. And the US had pockets of growth, but still some uncertainty.Revenue growth was good in the environment, with organic growth up 8% in the quarter and 10% year-to-date. We finished the quarter with $203 billion of backlog.Earnings were solid, growing at 13%. Both Industrial and Capital had double-digit earnings growth in the quarter. Every Industrial business had positive earnings growth for the first time since the third quarter of '05, and our simplification efforts are yielding results with corporate costs ahead
General Electric	take your questions. To do that we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman, CFO, Keith Sherin. So at this time, I'd like to turn it of to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Dan, thanks. Good morning, everyone.I want to start with the chart that we kind of ended with at our December meeting on invest and deliver and really use this to frame, I think, very good performance by the Company. If you just kind of track down, we said we were going to deliver a good EPS of $0.68, up 17% and that's what we've done. The revenues were up 18%, segment profit up 13% and we were led by a really terrific infrastructure performance.We continue to drive a more valuable company through portfolio moves. I think if you look at the moves we've made over the last five years in the Company by exiting some businesses like insurance and plastics, investing in infrastructure, boy, we are well-set to have a great company in the environment that we see today.We talked about 2008 where we'll have high quality earnings, EPS up at least 10%, strong dividend and buyback,
General Electric	at the outset that we are disappointed in our performance. We missed our guidance, primarily, but not solely driven, by financial services. We did continue to see a few bright spots. Our global growth was very strong at up 22% emerging markets and even the developed ex US were solid, but we did see a slowing US economy in Q1.The industrial earnings were up substantially, really led by infrastructure, which remains strong across the board, but the financial services environment was very difficult and became even more difficult late in the quarter and commercial finance and GE Money were down about 20%.We had planned for a difficult environment in December. The environment, I think particularly in financial services, became more difficult during the quarter and what we have tried to do and what Keith will go through is that we have reframed the balance of the year based on the world that we see today and some of the challenges we saw in financial services in March.If you look at the first quarter, there is really three basic things that I would go through. First, what happened versus guidance. Commercial finance, which has been a very reliable performer, which has
General Electric	our investor website at www.ge.com/investor. Today's presentation does contain forward-looking statements based on the world and economic environment as we see it today and that is subject to change.Today, we are going to cover our first-quarter results, second-quarter and total year outlook and to do that, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. So at this time, I would like to turn it over to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Dan. Good morning, everyone. Just say at the outset that we are disappointed in our performance. We missed our guidance, primarily, but not solely driven, by financial services. We did continue to see a few bright spots. Our global growth was very strong at up 22% emerging markets and even the developed ex US were solid, but we did see a slowing US economy in Q1.The industrial earnings were up substantially, really led by infrastructure, which remains strong across the board, but the financial services environment was very difficult and became even more difficult late in the quarter and commercial finance and GE Money were down about 20%.We had planned for a difficult
General Electric	at 6:30 with our financial information. That, along with today's presentation and supplemental financials are available at our investor website at www.GE.com/investor. You can follow along via the webcast or you can download and print the information.Today's presentation does contain forward-looking statements based on the world and economic environment as we see it today and it is subject to change.We will be going through today in the presentation an update on second-quarter operations and financial results and outlook on third quarter. To do that, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. So I would like to turn it over to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Dan, thanks. Welcome, everybody. Just to go straight to the overview page. We believe we had a solid performance in a tough environment, delivering $0.54 per share and continuing operations in line with guidance. We're really driven by global revenue growth of 24%, offsetting a sluggish US economy and our long-term positioning of the Company outside the United States has really benefited us in the second quarter of '08.The industrial businesses I think actually did quite well. We had
General Electric	and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin. So I would like to turn it over to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Dan, thanks. Welcome, everybody. Just to go straight to the overview page. We believe we had a solid performance in a tough environment, delivering $0.54 per share and continuing operations in line with guidance. We're really driven by global revenue growth of 24%, offsetting a sluggish US economy and our long-term positioning of the Company outside the United States has really benefited us in the second quarter of '08.The industrial businesses I think actually did quite well. We had a gain on the JV of our Hitachi nuclear business in the second quarter last year, but if you take that away, the industrial earnings growth was actually fairly strong. Infrastructure leads the way and Keith will go through more details on that later and healthcare and NBCU were in line or slightly better than expectations.If you look at our financial service earnings, I think particularly versus their peers, they were both above our own expectations and we believe compare favorably to the broader industry. Commercial finance was up 7%, GE Money
General Electric	earnings webcast. Regarding the materials for this webcast, we issued the press release earlier this morning and the presentation slides are available via the webcast. The slides are available on our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking and are based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast, we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Vice Chairman and CFO, Keith Sherin, and we are excited to get started. So we will turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Trevor, thanks. Good morning, everybody. Look, the GE made a very strong quarter. We saw real strength in the emerging markets and the developed regions stabilized. Orders grew by 7% excluding foreign exchange Wind and organic growth was 4% in the quarter and 8% for the year.Earnings were strong with operating EPS up 13%. Industrial earnings were up 12% with all segments growing for the second straight quarter. Capital had another good quarter and for the year, industrial earnings were up 10%
General Electric	new for us. Slides are available for download or printing on our website at www.GE.com/investor.As always, elements of this presentation are forward-looking or based on our best view of the world and our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change as the world changes. Please interpret them in that light.For today's webcast we have our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt, and our Senior Vice President and CFO, Jeff Bornstein. Now I would like to turn it over to our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Immelt.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Trevor. Thanks and good morning, everyone. Look, GE had a good third quarter in an improving environment. Our orders grew 19% with great balance.Our growth markets were up 22%. The US was up 18% and Europe up 17%.Earnings per share was up 18%, ex-unusual items. Industrial earnings were up 11% with six of seven segments growing, four by double digits.Capital continues to execute on our strategic objectives. Earnings were up 13%, while our financial position continued to strengthen. We had $0.04 of uncovered charges in the quarter and no Industrial gains.Operations were very strong. Margins grew by 120 basis points behind strong value gap performance and
General Electric	with us today. So why don't I kick it over to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GE: Great, Dan. Thanks. Good morning everybody. As Dan said we've got a lot to cover today. Just to go through the agenda, we're going go through the fourth quarter of total year '06. We're going to go through the FAS 133 restatement and then we're going to switch gears and talk about the first quarter and total year '07. And lastly we'll go through all of the acquisitions [inaudible] and give you a sense of how they impact the company going forward.The 2007 environment is similar to what we saw in December. We still think global economic growth continues to be favorable. The global markets are strong. You know as we said earlier, we have seen an impact in housing and auto. But overall we're seeing underlying economic growth to be fairly solid. Margins have stabilized in a time period of higher inflation and higher interest rates. We still think we see a great risk environment, liquidity is high. This is something companies have to manage, and we think we're in good shape here. And the macro drivers
General Electric	GE Infrastructure; and Mark Begor, who is Senior Vice President and CEO of GE Money-Americas. So I would like to turn it over to Jeff to get us started.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC COMPANY: Great, Dan. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I wanted to make just four broad points about the Company. The first one is just the broad strength of GE, led by our Infrastructure business. I think if you look at our Infrastructure business today, we are in the very early phase of, I think, a long-term secular time period where we have high visibility, broad technologies, great global positioning, increasing margins in backlog and equipment, and long-term service agreements that can span over the next 10 or 15 years. I think we are in the first inning of a nine-inning game here in Infrastructure. What you saw in this quarter, I think, is going to be very repeatable. It is broader and deeper than the way we think of the gas turbine situation in the US in the late '90s.Second, we had in the quarter a couple speed bumps. We had WMC that Mark will talk about. We had a shutdown of one
General Electric	deliver a solid lower as 2007 the EPS was up 13%. We think we've got great visibility looking at the future. We did have gain in the quarter that was more than offset by restructuring. Really high visibility in organic growth and margin expansion.The second quarter orders were a record up 32%, we grew our backlog. We've got very strong global demand, up 21% in revenue. We continue our focus on margin expansion. Year-to-date we're up 120 basis points, we're up 70 basis points for the quarter. This is a big initiative inside the Company, and one that we're committed to. We've been disciplined on capital allocation. The Vetco Gray, Smiths acquisition, we love. Results were ahead of planned. The disposition of plastics looks good and on track for a third quarter close. We upped the buyback to $14 billion. And we'll do $12 billion of buyback in the second half of 2007. And Keith will talk a little bit more about that.Just this week we announced a mutually agreed to separation on Abbott. This was a complex transaction that both sides worked very hard to close. We just in the end couldn't reach agreement. I want to put that
General Electric	over to Jeff now.JEFF IMMELT, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL ELECTRIC: Great, Dan. Good morning everyone. On the first page, just wanted to cover some of the highlights. The environment we believe remains good for GE. Global markets are solid and the financial market risk is repricing. This shows up in phenomenal growth numbers. Our revenues were up 12%, orders up 20%, assets up 23%, and organic growth at 8%.We delivered solid operating performance despite a few specific one-time headwinds. We did have a $100 million negative mark on our financial service business. We had in the infrastructure business some pull forward on program spending and some service timing challenges which will largely improve in Q4 and our Q4 and infrastructure looks very solid. We had $100 million more restructuring than originally planned and this was slightly offset with a lower tax rate but year to date, our tax rate is at 18% and we are on track for the year.Our buyback program continues. We are on track for $14 billion in 2007 with about $6 billion in Q4. We had a gain from the sale of the plastics business and we used that to restructure both in our industrial businesses
Gilead Sciences	I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Good afternoon, and welcome to Gilead's fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings conference call. We're pleased you could join us today. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for our fourth quarter and year ended December 31st, 2008. This press release is available on our website at www.gilead.com. We've also posted slides that outline the topics discussed on today's call. Joining me on the call today to discuss our results are John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer, and Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will keep prepared comments brief to allow more time for Q and A.Before I turn the call over to John Martin, I would first like to remind you that we would be making statements related to future events, expectations, trends, objectives and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Gilead Sciences	all participants are in a listen-only mode; and as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.I would now like to turn the call over to Patrick O'Brien, Vice President of Investor Relations.PATRICK O'BRIEN, VP IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, Cheverly. Good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the first quarter, which is available on our website, where you can also find detailed slides that support today's call.For our prepared remarks and Q&A I am joined by Chairman and CEO John Martin; our President and Chief Operating Officer, John Milligan; our Executive Vice President of Research and Development, Norbert Bischofberger; our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, Kevin Young; and our Chief Financial Officer, Robin Washington.Before we begin with our formal remarks we want to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements, including plans and expectations with respect to our product candidates, financial projections, all of which involve certain assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that are beyond our control and could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. A description of these risks can be found in our latest SEC disclosure documents and recent press releases. In addition,
Gilead Sciences	President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK O'BRIEN, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES INC: Good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the second quarter, which is available on our website, where you can also find detailed slides that support today's call. For our prepared remarks and Q&A, I am joined by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Martin; our President and Chief Operating Officer, John Milligan; our Executive Vice President of Research and Development, Norbert Bischofberger; our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, Kevin Young, and our Chief Financial Officer, Robin Washington.Before we begin with our formal remarks, we want to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements, including plans and expectations, with respect to our product candidates and financial projections, all of which involve certain assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that are beyond our control and could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. A description of these risks can be found in our latest SEC disclosure documents and recent press releases. In addition, Gilead does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call. We will also be using non-GAAP financial measures
Gilead Sciences	Stacy, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, October 19, 2010. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thank you, Stacy, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gilead's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available on our website at www.gilead.com, as are the slides that provide much more detail around the topics discussed today on this call. Similar to the format we introduced on our last earnings call, our prepared comments will be brief to allow more time for your questions. Our speakers today will be John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer and John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who will provide some comments on the quarter and our view about future and opportunities for the Company. Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer and Robin Washington, Senior Vice
Gilead Sciences	Senior Director of Investor Relations.&nbsp;I'll begin the call by briefly reviewing the third quarter financial results, and will provided updated guidance for the full year 2004. Then John Martin, Mark Perry, and Kevin Young will take you through the corporate and product related highlights for the quarter. We will keep our comments relatively brief to allow time at the end of this call to answer your questions.First, let me start with the standard Safe Harbor statement. I would like to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements relating to the financial results and clinical and regulatory developments. These statements are subject to the occurrence of many events outside of Gilead's control and are subject to various risks that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. I refer you to our latest Form 10-K and other publicly filed SEC disclosure documents for a detailed description of the risk factors affecting our business.Gilead had a strong financial performance in the third quarter as sales, earnings and operating cash flow all improved significantly. Net product sales were up 60% compared to the same period last year, driven primarily by higher revenues from our
Gilead Sciences	Then, John Martin and Kevin Young will take you through the corporate and product-related highlights for the quater. We'll keep our comments relatively brief to allow time at the end of this call to answer your questions.First, let me start with the standard Safe Harbor statement. I would like to remind you that we'll be making forward-looking statements related to financial results, projections, and clinical and regulatory developments. These statements are subject to the occurrences of many events outside of Gilead's controls and are subject to various risks that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. I refer you to our latest Form 10-K and other publicly filed SEC disclosure documents for a detailed description of the risk factors affecting our business.In addition, during the call today, we'll be providing you with information and data from clinical studies that have not yet been reviewed by the FDA, nor included in our prescribing information. I want to remind you that our policies only allow our sales force to promote our products based on our FDA-approved prescribing information.In short, the first quarter 2005 was another successful quarter for Gilead. We had strong top and
Gilead Sciences	will be your conference operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, April 20, 2011. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thank you, Stacy. Good afternoon and welcome to Gilead's first-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available on our website, as are the slides that provide much more detail around the topics discussed today on this call.Your speakers for today will be John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations and John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. John Milligan will discuss the financial results from the first quarter 2011, followed by Kevin Young, who will discuss our commercial performance, and finally, John Martin will provide update on our research and development progress and discuss our view about the future and opportunities for the Company. Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer, and
Gilead Sciences	second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. My name is Stacy, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, July 26, 2011.I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, Stacy, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Gilead's second-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available on our website, as are the slides, that provide much more detail around the topics covered on today's call.Our speakers for today will be John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer. John Martin will review the second-quarter milestones. Robin will discuss our financial results and commercial performance. And then John Milligan will provide an update on our research and development progress and discuss our future outlook and opportunities.Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of R&D
Gilead Sciences	and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to Gilead's first-quarter 2012 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available on our website, as are the slides that provide more detail around some of the topics we will cover on today's call.The speakers for will be John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President R&D and Chief Scientific Officer; Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.Robin will first discuss our financial results. Kevin will review our commercial performance, and Norbert will then provide an update on our research and development progress. John Milligan will wrap up our prepared remarks by discussing our Quad drug and future outlook and opportunities. Our Chairman and CEO, John Martin, will not be participating on today's call as he is currently out of the office.As a reminder, during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements regarding our financial outlook, in addition to regulatory and product development plans. These risks include the possibility of unfavorable results from our clinical studies, including those evaluating GS-7977, GS-5885, and GS-9669, alone or in
Gilead Sciences	listen-only mode. And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Patrick O'Brien, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK O'BRIEN, SENIOR DIRECTOR OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, Chanel. Good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. The press release and earnings slides are available on our website. For our prepared remarks and Q&A I am joined by our Chairman and CEO, John Martin; our President and COO, John Milligan; our EVP of R&D and CSO, Norbert Bischofberger; our EVP of Commercial Operations, Kevin Young; and our CFO, Robin Washington.Before we begin our formal remarks we want to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements that contain certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control. These risks include the possibility that our actual financial results may differ materially from the revised guidance we are presenting today.The possibility of unfavorable results from our clinical studies, including those evaluating GS-7977 and GS-5885 in various patient populations, and the possibility that we may be unable to complete our clinical studies and regulatory filings or obtain regulatory approvals
Gilead Sciences	conference call is being recorded today, July 20, 2010. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thank you Stacy. Good afternoon. Welcome to Gilead's second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the second quarter 2010. This press release is available on our website at www.gilead.com, as are the slides that provide much more details around the topics discussed today on this call. Based on outreach to you and feedback from our investors, we are introducing a new earnings call format today. Our prepared comments on the call will be significantly briefer to allow more time for your questions. Kicking off this new format will be John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer who will provide some comments on the quarter and our view about the future and opportunities for the Company. Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer, Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations and Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer are here as well
Gilead Sciences	Analyst * Robyn Karnauskas Deutsche Bank - Analyst * Jim Birchenough Barclays Capital - Analyst * Jason Zhang BMO Capital Markets - Analyst&nbsp;PresentationOPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Gilead Sciences' fourth-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. My name is Stacy and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, January 25, 2011.I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, IR CONTACT, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, Stacy, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gilead's fourth-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon, providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available on our website at www.gilead.com, as are the slides that provide much more detail around the topics discussed today on this call.Based on the feedback we've received from many of you that you prefer the approach we introduced last year, with more abbreviated prepared comments, we will again keep them brief to allow more time for your questions.Our first speaker
Gilead Sciences	this conference call is being recorded.I would not like to turn the call over to Patrick O'Brien, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK O'BRIEN, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the fourth quarter, which is available on our website, where you can also find detailed slides that supports today's call.For our prepared remarks and Q&A, I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, John Martin; our President and Chief Operating Officer, John Milligan; our Vice President and Research and Development, Norbert Bischofberger; our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, Kevin Young; and our Chief Financial Officer, Robin Washington.Before we begin with our formal remarks, we want to remind you that we'll be making forward-looking statements, including plans and expectations with respect to our product candidates and financial projections, all of which involve certain assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that are beyond our control and could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements.A description of these risks can be found in our latest SEC disclosure documents and recent press releases. In addition, Gilead does not undertake any obligation to update any
Gilead Sciences	are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, October 16, 2008.I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Good afternoon. Welcome to Gilead's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. We are pleased you could join us today.We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2008. This press release is available on our website at www.gilead.com. We've also posted slides that outline the topics discussed on today's call.Joining me on the call today to discuss our results are John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of Research & Development and Chief Scientific Officer; and Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will keep our prepared comments brief to allow more time for Q&A.Before I turn the call over to John Martin, I would first like to remind you that we will be making statements related to future events, expectations, trends,
Gilead Sciences	(Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, July 21, 2009. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thank you, Melanie, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gilead's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. We're pleased you could join us today. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2009. This press release is available on our web site at www.gilead.com. We've also posted slides that outline the topics discussed on this call.Joining me today are John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer; and Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'll keep prepared comments brief to allow more time for Q&A.I would first like to remind you we'll be making statements relating to future events, expectations, trends, objectives and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are
Gilead Sciences	question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, October 20, 2009. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.&nbsp;SUSAN HUBBARD, IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Thank you, Melanie and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gilead's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. We're pleased you could join us today. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2009. This press release is available on our website at www.Gilead.com. We've also posted slides that outline the topics discussed on this call. Joining me today are John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer and Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'll keep prepared comments brief to allow more time for Q&A.I would first like to remind you that we will be making statements related to future events, expectations, trends, objectives, and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
Gilead Sciences	Thank you, Veronica. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Gilead's third-quarter 2011 earnings conference call. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available on our website as are the slides that provide much more detail around the topics covered on today's call.Your speakers for today will be John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer. John Martin will review the third-quarter milestones, Robin will discuss our financial results and commercial performance, and then Norbert will provide an update on our research and development progress and discuss our future outlook and opportunities.John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and Andrew Cheng, Senior Vice President of HIV Therapeutics and Development Operations, are here as well to answer your questions later in the call.I would also like to note that we just issued a press release announcing today's completion of the US NDA filing for our Quad drug. Norbert will discuss this significant milestone in further detail later in the call.I would like to remind
Gilead Sciences	relations. Please go ahead.PATRICK O'BRIEN, VP OF IR, GILEAD SCIENCES, INC.: Thank you, Ann. Good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the third quarter which are available on our website. You can also find a detailed earnings slide deck that will support some of the topics we will cover on today's call.For our prepared remarks and Q&A, I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, John Martin; our President and Chief Operating Officer, John Milligan; our Executive Vice President of Research and Development, Norbert Bischofberger; our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, Kevin Young; and our Chief Financial Officer, Robin Washington.Before we begin with our formal remarks, we want to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements including plans and expectations with respect to our product candidates and financial projections, all of which involve certain assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that are beyond our control and could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. A description of these risks can be found in our latest SEC disclosure documents and recent press releases.In addition, Gilead does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement made during this call. We will
Gilead Sciences	will take you through the corporate and product related highlights for the quarter, John Milligan will be reviewing the fourth quarter and full year 2007 financial results and financial guidance for 2008, and Kevin Young will summarize our commercial milestones and provide more color on the market dynamics surrounding our various franchises. We'll then allow time at the end of our call to answer your questions. Before I turn the call over to John Martin for the corporate update, I would like to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements relating to future events, expectations, trends, objectives and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Act of 1995. These statements are based on certain assumptions and subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that would cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. I refer you to our Form 10-Q, for the third quarter ended September 30, 2007, subsequent press releases and other publicly filed SEC disclosure documents for a detailed description of the risk factors affecting our business. In addition, please note that we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements.
Gilead Sciences	session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, April 16, 2008. I would now like to turn the call over to Susan Hubbard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.SUSAN HUBBARD, VP IR, GILEAD SCIENCES: Good afternoon. Welcome to Gilead's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. We're pleased you could join us today. We issued a press release this afternoon providing results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2008. This press release is also available on our Website at www.gilead.com. Joining me on today's call to discuss our results are John Martin, President and Chief Executive Officer; John Milligan, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer; and Matt Howe, Vice President of Finance.John Martin will take you through the corporate highlights for the quarter. John Milligan will review the first quarter 2008 financial results. Norbert Bischofberger will discuss research and development program and Kevin Young will summarize our commercial milestones and provide more color on the market dynamics surrounding our various franchises. We will then allow time at the end of this call to
Gilead Sciences	VP IR, GILEAD SCIENCES INC: Thank you, Erica and good afternoon everyone.We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the third quarter, which is available on our website where you can also find detailed slides that support today's call. For our prepared remarks and Q&A, I'm joined by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Martin; our President and Chief Operating Officer, John Milligan; our Executive Vice President of Research and Development, Norbert Bischofberger; our Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations, Kevin Young; and Chief Financial Officer, Robin Washington.Before we begin with our formal remarks, we want to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements, including plans and expectations with respect to our product candidates, financial projections, all of which involve certain assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that are beyond our control and could cause our actual results to differ materially from these statements. A description of these risks can be found in our latest SEC disclosure documents and recent press releases. In addition, Gilead does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during this call.We will also be using non-GAAP financial measures to help you understand our underlying business performance. The GAAP
Gilead Sciences	EU. 3. YoverY, non-GAAP R&D expenses up $105m. 1. Mainly attributable to increased investments in Phase II and III programs in oncology and Phase III programs in HIV. 4. Non-GAAP SG&A spending up about $90m as Co. continued to expand infrastructure to support anticipated launch of sofosbuvir. 2. Full-Year 2013 Guidance: 1. Increasing non-GAAP net product revenue guidance to $10.3-10.4b. 1. Represents $200m increase from top-end of previous guidance. 2. R&D expense guidance will increase to $1.95-2.00b. 3. SG&A expense guidance will decrease to $1.50-1.55b. 4. Tax guidance is now 26-27%. 5. All other aspects of guidance remain unchanged. 3. Summary: 1. YTD 2013 financial performance is on track. 2. Looks forward to strong FY close.3Q13 Operational Review (K.Y.) 1. US: 1. Total US sales $1.7b, growth of 20% over 3Q12. 1. Antiviral and cardiopulmonary franchises posted robust YoverY increases of 19% and 27% respectively. 2. HIV: 1. There was little effect of either inventory or ADAP purchase. 1. Inventory for Big 3 wholesalers increased slightly, but stayed around midpoint of contractual range. 2. ADAP purchasing was solid, but lighter than 2Q13. 2. Knows that base and emergency funds for 2013 have been fully delivered to each state program. 3.
Gilead Sciences	provide financial guidance for 2007. John Martin, Norbert Bischofberger, and Kevin Young will take you through the corporate and product related highlights for the quarter. We'll allow time at the end of this call to answer your questions.First, I would like to remind you that we will be making statements relating to future events, expectations, trends, objectives and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Act of 1995. These statements are based on certain assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement.I refer you to our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005 and our Form 10-Qs for the first three quarters of 2006, subsequent press releases and other publicly filed SEC disclosure documents for a detailed description of the risk factors affecting our business. In addition, please note that we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements.In short, 2006 was another very successful year for Gilead filled with many corporate successes and the achievement of several significant financial milestones. Full year total revenues for 2006 exceeded the $3 billion
Gilead Sciences	guidance for 2007. Norbert Bischofberger, Kevin Young and John Martin will take you through the product related and corporate highlights for the quarter. We'll have time at the end of the call to answer your questions.First, I would like to remind you that we will be making statements related to future events, expectations, trends, objectives, and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Private Securities Act of 1995. These statements are based on certain assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially there those expressed in any forward-looking statements. I refer you to our Form 10K for the year-ended December 31st, 2006, subsequent press releases, and other publicly filed SEC disclosure documents for a detailed description of the risk factors affecting our business. In addition, please note that we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements. We will be making references to financial measures that are on a nonGAAP basis. We provide a reconciliation between GAAP and nonGAAP in our earnings press release which is available on our website.In short, the first quarter of 2007 was another very successful quarter for
Gilead Sciences	updated financial guidance for 2007. John Martin, Norbert Bischofberger and Kevin Young will take you through the corporate and product-related highlights for the quarter. We will allow time at the end of this call to answer your questions.First, I would like to remind you we will be making forward-looking statements related to future events, expectations, trends, objectives and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Act of 1995. These statements are based on certain assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement.I refer you to our Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended March 31, 2007, subsequent press releases and other publicly filed SEC disclosure documents for a detailed description of the risk factors affecting our business. In addition, please note that we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements. We will be making certain references to financial measures that are on a non-GAAP basis. We provide a reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP on our web site.Additionally, as previously announced we effected a two-for-one stock split during the second quarter of 2007and
Gilead Sciences	by giving a brief overview of our drug development programs highlighting our achievements during '07 and our anticipated milestones for '08 and then open the all call to questions from the professional investment community.Before we begin, I advise that certain statements made in this conference may constitute forward-looking statements and may consequently invoke the Safe Harbor, various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements including comments predicting the timing of financing, strategic partnering, regulatory actions, clinical trials, or the efficacy of our products. Although we believe that the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that our expectations are correct. A full discussion of our operations and financial condition including factors that may affect business and future prospects is contained in documents filed through CEDAR in Canada and EDGAR in the United States. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and we undertake no obligation to revise or update them -- update statements made during this conference call to reflect events or circumstances after this date.I would like to begin by first reminding us that our consistent focus at YM through the years has been
General Motors	the financial press is participating.&nbsp;This morning, John Devine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover an earnings review for the fourth quarter and calendar year; will review our '04 priorities, and will provide some guidance relative to Q1. After the presentation portion of the call, thirty minutes will be set aside for Q&A from security analysts, followed by thirty minutes of Q&A session with the financial press.I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions, included is Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller; Bill Muir, Executive Vice President and CFO of GMAC; Pete Bible, Chief Accounting Officer; Mary Bowlin (ph), CFO of GM North America; Walter Gorsch (ph), Treasurer; and Paul Ballew, Executive Director Global Markets and Industry Analysis. Now I would like to turn the call over to John Devine.JOHN DEVINE, CFO, VICE CHAIRMAN, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION: Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Just a couple of comments before I go to the review. First of all I think we view this as some pluses and minuses, but overall a solid year. We made our financial objectives and, importantly, we think we've made good progress in getting our products
General Motors	GAAP equivalent results that are in G.M.'s financial statements.&nbsp;I would also like to mention that G.M. is broadcasting this call live via the Internet, and that the financial press is participating. This morning John Devine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover an earnings review of Q1, a brief outlook for Q2 and the calendar year. As always, after the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for Q&A from security analysts followed by 30 minutes for a Q&A session with the financial press. I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions.With us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller, Sanjiv Khattri, Executive Vice President and CFO of GMAC, Pete Bible, Chief Accounting Officer, Mary Boland, CFO of G.M. North America and Walter Borst, Treasurer and Paul Ballow, Executive Director Global Market and Industry Analysis. Now, I would like to turn the call over to John Devine.JOHN DEVINE, VICE CHAIRMAN & CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Randy and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We had a good quarter. I think you saw the data. Let me go through a couple of charts and
General Motors	MOTORS CORP.: Thank you, very much. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review our 2008 third quarter results that we sent to you earlier this morning. I'd first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. Like always, the content of our call will be governed by this language. I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's Regulation G, we have provided some supplemental charts at the end of these charts that we'll be speaking to today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This afternoon Rick Wagoner, GM Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will provide opening remarks. Then Fritz Henderson, GM President and Chief Operating Officer, will give an overview of current economic environment and discuss a series of new actions GM is announcing today. Ray Young, GM Executive Vice President and CFO, will then review our third
General Motors	Regulation G, we have provided some supplemental charts at the end of these charts that we'll be speaking to today that will provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning, Ray Young, GM Executive Vice President and CFO, will review our results. After the presentation portion of the call, we'll have about 30 minutes set aside for questions from both the security analysts and the financial press. We also have several other executives available to his assist in answering your questions. With us today are Walter Borst, Corporate Treasurer; Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Joe Peters, CFO of GM North America; and Mike DiGiovanni, Executive Director of Global Market and Industry Analysis.Now I will turn the call over to Ray Young.RAY YOUNG, EVP & CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thank you, Randy, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to chart number two, fourth-quarter and calendar year highlights. Fourth quarter 2008 net loss of $9.6 billion with losses in all four
General Motors	to direct your attention to the legend regarding exchange offer information on forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first couple of pages of the chart set. The contents of our call will be governed by this language.I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's Reg G we have provided some supplemental charts at the end of these charts that we are speaking to today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.As always, GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet, and the financial press is participating as well. This morning Ray Young, GM Executive Vice President and CFO, will review our first-quarter earnings results. After the presentation portion of the call approximately 15 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 15 minutes for questions from the financial press.I would like to mention we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Walter Borst, Corporate Treasurer; Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Joe Peter, CFO of GM North America; and Mike DiGiovanni, Executive Director Global Markets and Industry Analysis.Now
General Motors	press release was issued this morning and the conference call materials are available on the Investor Relations website. We are also broadcasting this call on the web.Before we begin I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. The content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Akerson, General Motors Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks followed by a review of the financial results with Dan Ammann, Executive Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing comments. After the presentation portion of the call we will open the line for questions from the analyst community.Also joining us today are Tom Timko, Vice President, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer; Chuck Stevens, CFO North America; and Jim Davlin, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. Let me turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thank you, Randy, and thank you to everyone joining the call today. Once again, General Motors has delivered a strong quarter driven by our ongoing success in North America and China, progress in Europe, and some
General Motors	end of the charts that we'll speak to you today, in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well. This morning, Fritz Henderson, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover a review of the fourth quarter and calendar year results. Note that GM's results for the fourth quarter of 2005 and the calendar year are preliminary and may be revised prior to the filing of GM's 2005 annual report on Form 10-K in the middle of March, depending on changes, if any, to the Delphi-related accrual and completion of the previously disclosed supplier credit study. Like always, after the presentation portion of the call, 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from securities analysts, followed by a 30-minute Q&A from the financial press.I would also like to mention we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller, Paul Ballew, Executive Director of Market and Industry Analysis, Pete Fivel, Chief
General Motors	broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover a review of first-quarter results. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by about 30 minutes for the financial press. I would ask that you please limit your questions to no more than two questions.I would also like to mention we have several other key executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are John Devine, Vice Chairman; Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller; Pete Bible, Chief Accounting Officer; Mark Newman, CFO of GM North America; Sanjiv Khattri, Executive VP and CFO of GMAC; Walter Borst, Treasurer; and Mark LaNeve, GM North America Vice President, Vehicle Sales, Service and Marketing.Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Fritz Henderson.FRITZ HENDERSON, VICE CHAIRMAN AND CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning. A couple of observations. First, it's been a month since we talked to you about the fourth-quarter results. But for many of us, it's been less than a month since we actually filed our 10-K. So we're looking
General Motors	GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover a review of our second-quarter performance. After the presentation portion of the call, 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes for the financial press.I would also like to mention that today we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller; Mark Newman, CFO of GM North America; Sanjiv Khattri, Executive VP and CFO of GMAC; and Walter Borst, Treasurer; as well as Paul Ballew, Executive Director of Market and Industry Analysis. Now, I will turn the call over to Fritz Henderson.FRITZ HENDERSON, CFO, VICE CHAIRMAN, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION: Thanks, Randy. Turn to page 2; talk about the highlights of the second quarter. It starts with our second consecutive quarter of record revenue, $54.4 billion, up about a little over 11% versus the second quarter of '05. Our reported GAAP earnings per share was a loss of $5.62 a share or $3.2 billion, driven primarily by charges related to the GM-UAW-Delphi Accelerated Attrition Program;
General Motors	is broadcasting this call live via the Internet, and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will provide a review of our Q3 results. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes of Q&A with financial press.I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller; Mark Newman, CFO of GM North America; Sanjiv Khattri, Executive VP and CFO of GMAC; Walter Borst, Treasurer; and Paul Ballew, Executive Director of Global Market and Industry Analysis.Now I will turn the call over to Fritz Henderson.FRITZ HENDERSON, VICE CHAIR, CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION: Good morning. Before I get started, just a couple of comments -- actually three quick introductory comments. First, our results are fairly complicated, so what I'm going to try to do as I go through this presentation today is I'm going to hit some charts quite fast that are relatively straightforward, and I will slow down on some of the areas where I think we need to spend
General Motors	results as discussed and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I would would also like to highlight the GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning John Divine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover a second quarter '05 earnings review, and Sanjiv Khattri, Executive VP and CFO of GMAC will cover the GMAC portion. After the presentation portion of the call, 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts followed by 30 minutes from the financial press. I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller, Paul Ballew, Executive Director of Global Markets and Industry Analysis, Pete Bible, Chief Accounting Officer, [Murray Boland], CFO of GM North America, and Walter Borst, Treasurer. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John Devine.JOHN DEVINE, GM VICE CHAIRMAN AND CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Randy. And good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us again. Let me start with the first page of the deck just to give you a couple highlights, and we'll go
General Motors	results as discussed today and the GAAP-equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating.This morning, Rick Wagoner, our Chairman and CEO, will be joining us for about an hour and provide an update on GM's turnaround plan, and John Devine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover an update on Q3 earnings. After the presentation portion of the call, 30 to 40 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 15 or 20 minutes with questions from the financial press.I would also like to mention we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller, Paul Ballew, Executive Director Market and Industry Analysis, Pete Bible, Chief Accounting Officer, Mary Boland, CFO of GM North America, Sanjiv Khattri, Executive VP and CFO of GMAC, and Walter Borsch, Treasurer.Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Rick Wagoner.RICK WAGONER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION: Thanks very much, Randy and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us.I'm going to go through the first five
General Motors	supplemental charts at the end of the charts that we'll be speaking to you today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today, and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live, via the internet, and that the financial press is participating. This morning, John Devine, CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover during his review a brief outlook for Q4 in the calendar year. After the presentation portion of the call, we will set aside about 30 minutes for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes for a Q&A session with the financial press. As always, I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions.With us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller, Sanjiv Khattri, Executive Vice President and CFO of GMAC, Pete Bible, Chief Accounting Officer, Mary Boland, CFO of GM North America, Walter Borst, Treasurer, and Paul Ballew, Executive Director, Market and Industry Analysis. I would now like to turn the call over to John Devine.JOHN M. DEVINE, VICE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Randy.
General Motors	to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today, and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet, and that the financial press is participating as well. This morning, John Devine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover earnings review, as well as a brief outlook for Q4 and the calendar year.After the presentation, 30 minutes will be set aside for Q&A from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes of Q&A from the financial press. Also joining us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller, Sanjiv Khattri, executive VP and CFO of GMAC, Pete Bible, Mary Boland, CFO-GM North America; Walter Borst, Treasurer; and Paul Ballew, Executive Director of Market and Industry Analysis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John Devine.JOHN DEVINE, VICE CHAIRMAN, CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Randy. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us again. Let me start with the deck that we sent out earlier. I'll start with page 1. We will go through the deck; then as Randy mentioned, we'll turn it over to questions at that time.Starting on page 1, going
General Motors	order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I'd also like to highlight that GM is is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning, John Devine, our CFO and Vice Chairman, will cover the Q1 '05 earnings review. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by a Q&A session from the financial press.I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Paul Schmidt, Corporate Controller; Paul Ballew, Executive Director of Market and Industry Analysis; Pete Bible, Chief Accounting Officer; Mary Boland, CFO of GM North America; Walter Borst, Treasurer; and Sanjiv Khattri, Executive Vice President and CFO of GMAC, who will cover some GMAC charts.Now I would like to turn the call over to John Devine.JOHN DEVINE, VICE CHAIRMAN; CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Just to give you the bottom line, we expected a difficult quarter and obviously that's what we
General Motors	our press release was issued earlier this morning, and the conference call materials are available on the Investor Relations website. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Akerson, General Motors' Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a more detailed review with Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then provide closing remarks. After the presentation portion of the call, we will open the lines for questions.I would also like to mention that we also have Nick Cyprus, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; as well as Chuck Stephens, CFO of North America, with us today to assist in answering your questions.With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL MOTORS CO.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us.I would like to begin with a few comments about the first quarter, and then as mentioned,
General Motors	materials are available on the Investor Relations website. We would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Akerson, General Motors' Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a more detailed review by Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing comments.After the presentation portion of the call, we will open the lines for questions from the analyst community.I would also like to mention that we also have Nick Cyprus, Vice President and Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, as well as Chuck Stephens, CFO of North America, with us today to assist in answering your questions.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL MOTORS CO.: Thanks, Randy. In summary, we had a solid quarter. Each region posted a profit. Our cash flow was strong, and most importantly, our fuel-efficient vehicles continue to
General Motors	call materials are available on the investor relations website. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the contents of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Akerson, General Motors Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks followed by a more detailed review by Dan Ammann, Senior Vice president and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing remarks. After the presentation portion of the call, we will open the line for questions from security analysts.Also in the room today we have Nick Cyprus, Vice President, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer; Jim Davlin, Vice President Finance and Treasurer; and Chuck Stevens, CFO North America and South America, to assist in answering your questions.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, Randy, and thank you to everyone on the call for joining us.General Motors had another solid quarter. Our EBIT adjusted results are strong. We had
General Motors	Good morning, and thanks for joining us as we review our 2010 second-quarter results.As you know, our press release was issued earlier this morning and the conference call material are available on the Investor Relations website. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting the call via the Internet and the financial media is participating as well.Before we begin, I'd like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call today will be governed by this language. I would also like to mention that during this call, we will not be discussing or taking any questions regarding any potential initial public offering.This morning, Chris Liddell, GM Vice Chairman and CFO, will review our second-quarter results. The presentation portion of the call will be followed by a Q&A session for both analysts and media. I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist Chris in answering your questions.With us today are Nick Cyprus, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Daniel Ammann, Vice President and Treasurer; and Chuck Stevens CFO, North America. Finally, at the conclusion of
General Motors	would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motors Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks and a summary of our fourth-quarter and calendar-year results, followed by a more detailed review with Chris Liddell, Vice Chairman and CFO. Dan will then provide some closing remarks. After the presentation portion of the call, we'll open the lines for a Q&A session for both the analyst community and the media.I would also like to mention we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions today. With us are Mark Reuss, President, GM North America; Nick Cyprus, Vice President and Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Chuck Stephens, CFO of North America; and Dan Ammann, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. With that, let me turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, Randy, and good morning. This morning, I will provide you a summary of our fourth-quarter and
General Motors	on the Investor Relations website. GM is also broadcasting this call live via the Internet.Before we begin, I'd like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page in the chart set. As always, the contents of our call is governed by this language.This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motors' Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a review of the financial results with Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing comments. After the presentation portion of the call, we will open the lines for questions from the analyst community.In the room today we also have Nick Cyprus, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Chuck Stevens, CFO of North America; and Jim Davlin, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer, to assist in answering your questions.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, Randy, and thank you to everyone on the call for joining us. From every vantage Point, 2012 was another solid year for General Motors. As you can see on slide 2, we grew both our sales
General Motors	as we review our 2008 second-quarter results that we sent out earlier this morning.I'd first like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language. I should also mention that to comply with SEC's Regulation G, we've provided some supplemental charts, at the end of the charts that we will be speaking to you today in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements. I would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and the financial press is participating as well.This morning Fritz Henderson, GM President and Chief Operating Officer, will open with a brief overview of operational highlights and strategies, followed by Ray Young, GM Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review our Q2 earnings results. After the presentation portion of the call, approximately 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes for questions from the financial press. I would also like to mention we have several
General Motors	participating as well.&nbsp;This morning Fritz Henderson, GM President and Chief Operating Officer, will open with a brief overview of operational highlights and strategies, followed by Ray Young, GM Executive Vice President and CFO, who will review our Q2 earnings results. After the presentation portion of the call, approximately 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes for questions from the financial press. I would also like to mention we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions including Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Michael DiGiovanni, Executive Director, Global Market Industry Analysis; and Walter Borst, Treasurer.Now, I would like to turn the call over to Fritz Henderson.FRITZ HENDERSON, PRESIDENT, COO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Good morning. Chart 2, a quick review of operational highlights in the second quarter -- global market share 12.3% down 0.9 point versus the second quarter of '07, driven by North America. Our share outside of North America was up 0.3 point with gains flat in Europe or gains in every region. So the share erosion was concentrated in North America. Our automotive revenue was down sharply more than explained by the North America declined
General Motors	is broadcasting this call live via the Internet.Before we begin I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motors' Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a more detailed review by Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing remarks.After the presentation portion of the call we will open up the lines for questions from security analysts. I would also like to mention that today we have Nick Cyprus, Vice President and Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Chuck Stevens, CFO North America; and Jim Davlin, Vice President, Finance, and Treasurer, here to assist in answering your questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN, CEO, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. In summary, we produced a solid quarter, generating our best results in North America and China, the world's most important auto markets, where GM is a market leader. Today's results
General Motors	also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motors Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a more detailed review by Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing comments. After the presentation portion of the call, we will open the lines for questions from security analysts.I would also like to mention that in the room today we have Nick Cyprus, Vice President Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Jim Davlin, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer; and Chuck Stevens, CFO, North America and South America, to assist in answering your questions. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Dan Akerson..DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us.Overall we posted a solid performance for the year and showed steady progress toward a sustained, long-term strong financial performance. Obviously we still
General Motors	results. Our press release was issued earlier this morning and the conference call materials are available on the Investor Relations website. I would also like to mention that GM is broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motor's Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks, followed by a more detailed review with Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing comments. After the presentation portion of the call, we will open the line for questions from security analysts.Today, we also have Nick Cyprus, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Chuck Stevens, CFO North America and South America; and Jim Davlin, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer, to assist in answering your questions. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN & CEO, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thank you, Randy and thank you to everyone on the call for joining us. Today, we
General Motors	was issued earlier this morning and the conference call materials are available on the investor relations website. I would also like to mention that GM is broadcasting this call live via the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. As always, the contents of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Ackerson, GM Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks followed by a more detailed review of the financial results with Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO, who will be joining us by phone. Steve Girsky, Vice Chairman, will also provide an update on our plans in Europe. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing remarks. After the presentation portion of the call, we will open the lines for questions from the analyst community.Also in the room today we have Nick Cyprus, Vice President, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer; Chuck Stevens, CFO of North America and South America; and Jim Davlin, Vice President Finance and Treasurer, to assist in answering your questions.With that, I'll turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON,
General Motors	morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we review our 2007 fourth quarter and calendar year results that we sent to you earlier this morning. I'd like to first direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set, like always the content of our call will be governed by this language.I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's Regulation G, we provided some supplemental charts in order to provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and GAAP equivalent results in GM 's financial statements. I would also like to highlight GM is broadcasting this call live via the internet and that the financial press is participating as well. This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover our fourth quarter and calendar year results. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by questions from the financial press. I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions.With us today are: Ray Young, Group Vice President, Finance; Walter Borst, Treasurer;
General Motors	is broadcasting this call live via the internet and that the financial press is participating as well. This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover our fourth quarter and calendar year results. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by questions from the financial press. I would also like to mention that we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions.With us today are Ray Young, Group Vice President, Finance; Walter Borst, Treasurer; Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; David Meline, CFO of GM North America; and Michael DiGiovanni, Executive Director, Global Market in the Industry Analysis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Fritz Henderson.FRITZ HENDERSON, VICE CHAIRMAN, CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning. I'll turn -- we have quite a few charts, I plan to speak for about 45 minutes and then we will cover questions. Chart two reviews the highlights of the fourth quarter of the calendar year. We touch on the fourth quarter GAAP loss of about $700 million, adjusted net income around breakeven at $46 million, excluding special items. Very
General Motors	closing comments. And Ray Young, GM's Chief Financial Officer, will cover our first quarter earnings review.After that presentation, approximately 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by approximately 30 minutes for questions from the financial press.I would also like to mention, we have several other executives available today to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Walter Borst, Treasurer. Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller. David Meline, CFO of GM North America and Mike DiGiovanni, Executive Director, Global Market and Industry Analysis. Now I would like to turn the call over to Fritz Henderson.FRITZ HENDERSON, PRESIDENT, COO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Good morning everyone.On Page 2, we summarize the operational highlights for the first quarter. The touch of market performance, our global share 12.5% down 0.5% versus the first quarter. Really driven by what was happening in north America. North America being our largest market and the U.S. being the largest market in North America, when that market declines as it has it puts a pretty significant amount of pressure on our global market share. So, we -- when you look at our market performance, we actually improved our penetration in a number of important segments
General Motors	for joining us as we review our 2008 first-quarter results that we sent out this morning.I would first like to direct your attention to the legend involving forward-looking statements and risk factors on the first page of the chart set. Like always, the content of our call will be governed by this language.I should also mention that to comply with the SEC's regulation G, we have provided some supplemental charts that provide reconciling data between managerial financial results as discussed today and the GAAP equivalent results in GM's financial statements.We would also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning, Fritz Henderson, President and Chief Operating Officer, will provide opening and closing comments. And Ray Young, GM's Chief Financial Officer, will cover our first quarter earnings review.After that presentation, approximately 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by approximately 30 minutes for questions from the financial press.I would also like to mention, we have several other executives available today to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Walter Borst, Treasurer. Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller. David Meline, CFO of
General Motors	quarter of 2013.Our press release was issued earlier this morning and the conference call materials are available on the investor relations website. We are also broadcasting this call via the Internet.Before we begin I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. The content of our call will be governed by this language.This morning Dan Akerson, General Motors Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks followed by a review of the financial results with Dan Ammann, Senior Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some brief closing comments.After the presentation portion of the call, we will open the lines for questions from the analyst community. In the room today we also have Tom Timko, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Chuck Stevens, CFO of North America; and Jim Davlin, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL MOTORS COMPANY: Thank you, Randy, and thank you all for joining us. As we do every quarter, I will review some highlights and then Dan Ammann will
General Motors	our Investor Relations website. We are also broadcasting this call live on the Internet.Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the legend regarding forward-looking statements on the first page of the chart set. The content of our call will be governed by this language. This morning, Dan Akerson, General Motors' Chairman and CEO, will provide opening remarks followed by a review of the financial results with Dan Ammann, Executive Vice President and CFO. Dan Akerson will then conclude the remarks portion of our call with some closing comments. After the presentation portion of the call, we will open the line for questions from the analyst community. In the room today, we also have Tom Timko, Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Chuck Stevens, CFO, GM North America; and Jim Davlin, Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. Now I will turn the call over to Dan Akerson.DAN AKERSON, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, GENERAL MOTORS CO: Thanks, Randy. Every quarter on these calls, we talk a lot about what it takes to go from being good to great at General Motors. Fundamentally, I believe there are three drivers -- building great products, satisfying our customers better than anyone else,
General Motors	and the GAAP equivalent results that are in GM's financial statements.I'd also like to highlight that GM is broadcasting this call live via the internet, and the financial press is participating, as well. This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will provide a review of the fourth quarter and calendar year. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes with the financial press. I would also like to mention, today we've got several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Walter Borst, Treasurer; Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; David Meline, CFO of GM North America; and Paul Ballew, Executive Director of Global Markets and Industry Analysis. Now I'll turn the call over to Fritz.FRITZ HENDERSON, VICE CHAIRMAN, CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning. I have a considerable amount of material to go through today. We've actually extended the call to two hours, with an hour for going through the material and another hour for Q&A. So given how much we have, we thought we would do that to make sure we had
General Motors	is broadcasting this call live via the Internet and that the financial press is participating as well.This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO will cover our first quarter earnings review. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes of questions with the financial press. I would also like to mention we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions today, included are Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; David Meline, CFO of GM North America; Paul Ballew, Executive Director of Global Market and Industry Analysis; and Walter Borst, Corporate Treasurer. I'd like to now turn the call over the Fritz Henderson.FRITZ HENDERSON, VICE CHAIRMAN AND CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone. Turn your attention to chart two, a quick look at the first quarter highlights. GAAP net income $62 million. So from a standing back it was slightly above break-even for the Corporation. Adjusted profitability of $94 million, pretty much the same message there.Automotive results improved $300 million versus the first quarter of '06. North America was $200 million of that. But in the Automotive
General Motors	well. This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover our second quarter earnings review. After the presentation portion of the call, about 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by a Q&A session with the financial press. I would also like to mention we have several other executives available today to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Walter Borst, Treasure; Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; David Meline, CFO of GM North America and Paul Ballew, Executive Director of Global Market and Industry Analysis. Now I would like to turn the call over to Fritz Henderson.FRITZ HENDERSON, VICE CHAIRMAN, CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORP.: Thanks, Randy. Good morning. Let me move right to page two of the earnings pack and talk about the highlights of the quarter. GAAP earnings, $891 million or $1.56 per share. On an adjusted basis without special items, $1.4 billion net income, $2.48 a share. The improvement in automotive results was about $.4 billion from the second quarter of '06. It was an all-time record automotive revenue for us. It was not an all-time record revenue for us as much as in prior periods
General Motors	in GM's financial statements. I would also like to highlight GM is broadcasting this call live via the internet, and that the financial press is participating.This morning, Fritz Henderson, our Vice Chairman and CFO, will cover our third quarter earnings review. After the presentation portion of the call, 30 minutes will be set aside for questions from security analysts, followed by 30 minutes with the financial press. I would also like to mention we have several other executives available to assist in answering your questions. With us today are Walter Borst, Treasurer; Nick Cyprus, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; David Meline, CFO of GM North America; and Mike DiGiovanni, Executive Director, Global Market and Industry Analysis. Now I'll turn the the call over to Fritz Henderson.FRITZ HENDERSON, VICE CHAIRMAN, CFO, GENERAL MOTORS CORPORATION: Thanks, Randy. Good morning, everyone. Let's turn to page two of the deck. Briefly, on the third quarter -- driven by the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, we had a $39 billion loss in the quarter -- which was pretty much largely explained by the valuation allowance. We'll spend some time talking about this this morning and then also go into what was going on in
GlaxoSmithKline	on how things are going in R&D, culminating with a specific update on several of our more mature drugs which are making transitions as we speak. And then we will obviously have a Q&A session at the end. So that is pretty much the layout of this session.Before I hand over to Julian, I just want to context and give you my impressions of where we are as a Company. 2008 was always going to be a challenging year for the Group. We knew we were going to face a pretty heavy hit from genericization of some of our key heritage products. And we were also going to bear the brunt of the reduction in sales of Avandia, following the issues of 2007. And of course that would be most acutely felt in the US marketplace, and that is of course exactly what happened.I have to say though I'm delighted with the performance of the Group during this period. I think the delivery of our results, which certainly when you adjust for the legal charge we had to announce last week, absolutely met or exceeded expectations of consensus, really reflect the underlying strength of our core businesses.In fact, if you
GlaxoSmithKline	WITTY, CEO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Good afternoon and thank you for joining myself and Julian Heslop, our CFO, on this call today. Before I open up for Q&A, I would like to make a few comments. This first quarter performance marks what we always expected to be the year of two halves for GSK.The year-on-year comparative effect of generic competition to products in the US at its most extreme in the first six months of 2009. Generic competition to our neuroscience portfolio in the US reduced sales by close to GBP450 million compared to the same quarter last year. This largely accounts for US sales declining 22% to GBP2.3 billion in the quarter. As expected, this impact to higher margin US sales resulted in a decline to our gross profit margin, and together with one-off intangible asset write-offs in R&D, this primarily explains the reported difference we see between sales and earnings performance first quarter.Looking broadly at sales performances for the quarter you will see divergence between the US and the strong sales delivery reported in Europe, emerging markets and Asia-Pacific/Japan.In the US we experienced some tough performance challenges as our product portfolio transitioned and we have restructured our business model. The
GlaxoSmithKline	pleased to say that our business is performing well. We're delivering on our strategy to improve financial performance for the group and during the quarter, EPS grew 4% to 26.3p at constant exchange rates and we've increased our dividend by 6% to 18p a share. Importantly, we continue to deliver very encouraging progress on our pipeline. This quarter alone, we saw three major new product approvals in the US -- BREO, a new treatment for COPD and TAFINLAR and MEKINIST for the treatment of metastatic melanoma.These new medicines are clear evidence of the innovation GSK is producing in areas of high unmet medical need. These approvals also speak to GSK's rate of R&D productivity, with further readout expected on 13 more assets over the next 18 months. I can also let you know that the first two of those 13 have already read out positively in the last few months. We're very optimistic that we can deliver valuable new product flow and in terms of current products, group sales grew 2% in the current quarter in constant exchange rates with strong performance across the group. We're very pleased with the performance of our US pharmaceutical and vaccine business, which was
GlaxoSmithKline	faster than we did in the past. It was always $0.01 a year. We went crazy this year and went $0.01 this year. But it will increase the yield of stock and it also should give you confidence about the future.In terms of the pipeline, if you look back at 2001, this has been really a steady increase in not just the number of projects but also the diversity, the quality, the novelty of all the items that are now in our pipeline. As you can see, looking at the green and the blue, the late stage phase of the pipeline is the by far the most important one. If I head back to PLE, the product line extension, including combination vaccines and the like, the total number of projects as we speak is around 146. So it is a big pipeline, and it is very important to have this kind of density of projects, because not everyone is going to make it, as I keep repeating, and therefore you want to have backups and backups of backups so you never find yourselves in a dry season, as we were when we started six years ago.There was an interesting comparison
GlaxoSmithKline	a short-term opportunity for us and possibly make comments as well about the others if you have any questions.&nbsp;I just would like to address very briefly Tykerb and Cervarix. But do note that we, again, increased the size of our phase III pipeline by starting four major programs, eltrombopag, a treatment for low platelet counts, Pazopanib VGF inhibitors that we will be studying in renal cancer and, of course, our antagonist for the treatment of [hemozis] and then the H5N1 pandemic vaccine.If you look at Tykerb, as you know we interrupted the study that demonstrated the efficacy of Tykerb for breast cancer patients where the late stage of the disease was metastasis and who had previously failed -- accepting treatment. Actually, we exceeded the predetermined stopping criteria which was a 50% increase in time to progression. Now the data is so compelling that actually it will serve as a part of our submission that we now expect to prepare in the second part of this year for the U.S. and for Europe.There's a lot of work still ahead of us for Tykerb but we are making steady progress and of course at ASCO you'll hear more details on a number
GlaxoSmithKline	pipeline, some of the highlights, and David, of course, will fill you in on our key franchises.&nbsp;In the case of Entereg, we have now filed significant information with the FDA. This has been going back and forth in the regulatory review, but our later submission is very solid. We have a double-blind study of 624 patients, showing that in bowel resections the drug accelerates recovery, and patients can be let out of the hospital faster. We think this is very strong evidence to support this product. I like Entereg because it has significant potential. In the U.S. alone there are 500,000 bowel resections every year, and I think that the date for FDA review is somewhere around November. The user fee date is November 9 to be precise. So we are looking forward to hopefully good news by then.Allermist was filed in the U.S., Europe and very soon will be filed in Japan which is unusual, but we have done the studies at the same time in Japan, and that is a good achievement for our folks in development. Just on Allermist, besides a very slick and user preferred delivery device, you see that the product produces on top of
GlaxoSmithKline	reflect the current trend of our business, but also the doubling of the share buyback and the increase in the dividend. We feel that at this point, having put aside some of the risks to our cash position such as the tax settlement and the like, we're in a position to give back to the shareholders without having to incur additional debt. So, this is kind of the plan for the future.In terms of the key product news, I'm trying to pick and choose in there what's really important, because the some of the news are more important and will have more impact on the future of the Company than others. The ones I selected for you -- and that's my personal opinion -- is first of all, Tykerb and Cervarix basically on track.I know Cervarix we aimed at December, we estimated. But this was not a trial driven by the clock, where you normally can forecast pretty accurately; this was an event-driven trial. Therefore, we do our best to guess when we are going to spot those cases of infection. They come at a different pace every month, and we guessed okay but we didn't guess completely right. That's
GlaxoSmithKline	is like switching the light on, 90 percent of the product goes away within weeks.&nbsp;So, during those three years, the Company has faced what has been probably the most challenging generic erosion of any pharma company for a long, long time and yet, assuming our guidance comes true for '04, during that same period, the Company would have grown profits by about 8 percent on average every year. So, we are able to take major hits from the aging part of our product line and despite that, we're not going backwards; we're going forward.Now, how is that possible? First of all, the size does help. We have broad shoulders. Secondly, more importantly, the engine of growth is remarkable, and you will hear from David -- but the rest of the portfolio is extremely healthy. It's not just about Advair any more. It's Advair; it's Avandia; it's Coreg; it's many, many products which gradually reached the status of blockbuster.Then the second engine is cost savings. We have a culture of operational excellence; we are constantly driving for simplification of our infrastructure and cost savings. That has paid off in the past and more importantly, will continue to pay off in the
GlaxoSmithKline	of the pipeline, and we now know that two of them are looking very solid, and we have made a commitment to talk to you about the next two in November. So, I'll be coming back and telling you a little bit more about the Phase II results with 698 and also 016, and a few other things that concern our pipeline. But let me, without any delay talk about the financial performance, which has been good. We ended the quarter ahead of expectations despite significant enrolls from the generics, but otherwise what saved the day was the strengths of our underlying business, Vesicare and Avandia, and Coreg, and all the usual suspects performing even better in most cases than in the first quarter. So, let me pass it on now to John to talk about the financial picture.JOHN COOMBE, CFO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE PLC: Thank you, J.P. So, if everyone is on the slide headed Q2 performance summary. This is the summary of P&L accounts for the quarter. And the headline is of course despite the full impact of generic Paxil and Wellbutrin in the quarter, we still achieved sales growth of 2% in CER terms. Trading profit was down 1%
GlaxoSmithKline	far. And David will comment on this. And we've made progress in the pipeline as well. I think it's important to remember that we are introducing several new products this year, Vesicare, but more recently Boniva and Requip, and, of course, we had our R&D day not long ago, featuring some of the vaccines, so I'm not going to comment on the vaccines this time. But we do expect our five -- five major vaccines to be launched over the next five years.And, finally, I want to concentrate on just giving you some additional statistics on the pipeline. You remember that in late February, we indicated to you that we would be receiving clinical news on 15 Phase II programs. It's a bit confusing because some of those programs actually encompass several product. So it actually covers roughly 20 NCEs and vaccines, those 15 programs. And let me summarize where we are. After six months, out of the 15 programs listed on the slide, we have received news for 11 of them, the yellow ones, and we have reached a favorable outcome in 7 out of the 11, or 64%. And we have to go back to the drawing board
GlaxoSmithKline	consumer breakdown. We have come to that conclusion because we have identified and we started to pick up a sense that some of our more pure play consumer competitors who don't necessarily go through this level of detail were using our disclosures against us. So were using those as ways of trying to predict what we were doing or not doing.So I just wanted to put into context those couple of points. We are all for transparency, but not if it costs us competitiveness. And I think probably you and the shareholders would agree with that. So that is why you are seeing a little bit less on the consumer side. We are very happy to show you what we are doing on the pharma side, and that is why it is done on Emerging Markets.With that I am going to hand over to Julian, who will take you through the numbers for Q2.JULIAN HESLOP, CFO, GLAXOSMITHKLINE: Thank you, Andrew. Good afternoon. I will focus, as I always do, on the results, excluding restructuring costs, and also talk about growth at constant exchange rates, with the exception of cash flow.As you can see, it was a flat turnover quarter compared
GlaxoSmithKline	it is quite tricky following the underlying performance of GSK, given all of the different moving parts. I just want to take a couple of minutes to comment on that.First of all, with regard to general macro factors, such as US healthcare reform and European austerity driven measures such as price cuts and delays in tendering, that had an effect of around GBP140 million on sales growth for the quarter. So in other words, sales would have been about GBP140 million higher if we hadn't seen the additional European price cuts and the US healthcare reform activity that we saw earlier this year.If I looked at three very specific Company issues I think that is an important opportunity to really to get to what we see think is the true underlying performance of the Company on a going forward basis.Firstly, obviously Avandia sales, which are now set to decline very quickly following the US and European regulatory decisions of last month.Secondly, in this and the next few quarters we are going to face a tough year-on-year comparison to last year's significant pandemic product sales. And finally, we continue to see, although it is obviously coming to an end, the impact
GlaxoSmithKline	you look at product performance overall it was a pretty good quarter with the usual suspects, Avandia, Advair, Coreg, Lamictal, Valtrex, even the Avatrin (ph) business, everything was going up in double digit terms and that's very reassuring for the future.Now, if you look at the pipeline situation, I would like you to move to the next slide for some of you who follow this on the web, and give you maybe some sense of what's going on with the key filings. In terms of '016, Lapatinib, we are continuing our trial in breast cancer. There will be some information on those trials given at the forth coming oncology meeting next week, the so-called European Oncology meeting or ESMO. You will see some of the Phase II data. Some of it is, frankly, known to you. Basically it's a story of continuing to try to demonstrate that this product is helpful for patients who are failed on Herceptin and other modalities. Now naturally there are other trials going on, for instance head and neck and bladder and the like but there are no results coming out of this trial in the near future. This is going to be more around
GlaxoSmithKline	I want to cover a few points on the pipeline.We just released two products on the US market that are really big opportunities particularly Boniva and also VESIcare and we expect several more approvals this year. David will review the progress of those products shortly. Let me move on to the pipeline. You see on the slide that there are 15 Phase 2 assets, which we highlighted in February with an extra two radafaxine and Entereg and of course we have some key Phase 3 assets. I am not going to make a comment on each and every one of them.In fact, in the first quarter press release we have already singled out some good progress made with a number of them. But I do want to stress the fact that we received excellent data from our Phase 2 trials with Entereg in OBD and it showed a greater than twofold increase in efficacy over placebo, a result which is highly clinically and of course statistically significant. Entereg in this indication could be a real sleeper. This is a very large market because so many people have to take chronic pain medicine in cancer and other indication and they suffer
GlaxoSmithKline	being driven by growth from a broad range of the businesses that we have been investing in over the last three years, and particularly the Emerging Markets, Japan, our vaccine business, consumer healthcare, all of which are offsetting the declines you have seen in the US, which, of course, were augmented during this quarter by the various price cuts which are going on.Just to look in a little bit more detail at one or two of those areas of growth, Emerging Markets in particular, if you look at our Emerging Markets AsiaPac business, which is the business that Abbas Hussain runs, was up 21% in the quarter.Within that, just to pull out one or two examples, Rotarix up 71%; Augmentin up 25%; Ventolin up 26%; and the Derm range, obviously largely made up of the Stiefel portfolio, up 25%. Very strong performance across innovative, classic and our branded generic business within the Emerging Markets business area.The Consumer business continued to perform extremely well, up 7%. Within that business, Sensodyne up 16%, Lucozade up 5%, Panadol up mid-teens, and the Emerging Markets Consumer business up a full 15%.So across our businesses, we are continuing to see great responsiveness as we have
GlaxoSmithKline	got some of my colleagues from the executive management team of GSK here in the room, and maybe they could stand up as I introduce them. There is Abbas Hussain, who runs our Emerging Markets pharmaceutical business; Deirdre Connelly, who runs our US pharmaceutical business; David Redfern, who is Chief Strategy Officer for the Company also looks after Stiefel and also the ViiV business; Moncef Slaoui, who is the Chairman of our R&D business and also has taken over responsibility for our Global Vaccines business; and, of course, I've got Simon Dingemans here at the front with me, and Phil Thomson, who is our head of Global Communications and IR.So they will all be here. If you don't hear from them during the session, you will certainly have a chance to chat to them afterwards when we finish. More than delighted to spend a few minutes with everybody over there with a cup of coffee if you want to just nail some against the wall and really interrogate them, I brought a few extras for you. So a great opportunity for you to see them.Good chance for you as well to hear from Simon really for the first time properly
GlaxoSmithKline	a better indication of the operating performance of the business. It also brings us into line with our peers. On this basis sales grew 2% and EPS grew 7% in the quarter. In terms of the 2% sales growth, really demonstrates a resilient performance given the continued economic pressures and challenging political environment we face in many markets.As is always the case in any quarter, there was some one-off factors which affected reported performance. This was particularly acute in the emerging market region where sales grew 2% and were impacted by ongoing instability in the Middle East and the phasing of some vaccine tenders. There was also an unfavorable comparison to the first quarter of last year which you'll remember was a very strong one where we grew at around 20%.Looking forward, however, we remain very bullish on our prospects in emerging markets and continue to invest behind our objective to grow ahead of the market in this region, which we think at the moment is running at about an 11% growth rate. Elsewhere we are seeing continuing progress in the pro-innovation markets of the US and Japan. And I'm also pleased with the performance of our Consumer Healthcare business,
GlaxoSmithKline	to Mr. Joshi. You may go ahead, sir.ANIRUDDHA JOSHI, RESEARCH ANALYST, ANAND RATHI RESEARCH: Yes, thanks, Lanya. On behalf of Anand Rathi Research, we welcome you to the first quarter CY12 results conference call of GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare.We have with us Mr. Ramakrishnan Subramanian, Director of Finance and Miss Pooja Thakur, Head of Financial Accounting. From Anand Rathi we have also Mr. Shirish Pardeshi, Head of Research joining on the call. Now I hand over to Mr. Ramakrishnan for his comments on the results.Thanks, and over to you, sir.RAMAKRISHNAN SUBRAMANIAN, DIRECTOR OF FINANCE, GLAXOSMITHKLINE CONSUMER HEALTHCARE LTD: Thanks, Aniruddha. GSK's performance for the quarter ending March 31, has been quite impressive. We have recorded a 15% growth. I would rather say intrinsic growth is around 17.5%, which I'll explain in later part of my presentation, with PBT of INR196 crores growing at 17% and profit after tax growing by around 19%.The quarter witnessed strong performance of company's base brands recording a 15% increase in sales on the back of 7% growth in volumes. The Horlicks range extensions continued to deliver outstanding sales performance, thereby bringing new customers [grew store-fold].The Foods portfolio continued to do well with [base] biscuits recording 31%.
GlaxoSmithKline	The first is some very, very good progression of the advanced pipeline. We will talk a little bit more about that but clearly during the quarter we have seen a lot of very encouraging data, particularly around some of the bigger potential assets in the pipeline. While there is much still to do to bring those assets to the marketplace, it is clearly coming into shape as a potential driver of enhanced organic growth going forward.Secondly, again the quarter has been characterized by a continued deterioration in the external environment, especially in Europe where we took a 7% negative price hit during this quarter. We think to some degree that may be the worst it gets but that all depends on government policy. So if nothing new comes up from now on we think it starts to ameliorate going forward but it all depends on the events coming out of the Italian, Spanish, and other governments over the next few months. We will have to wait and see. This is been a quarter really with some short-term tough external pressures, really offsetting some of the growth opportunity that we have in our investment markets and a quarter where we're seeing
GlaxoSmithKline	excellent performance. Avandia growing up 22%. Products such as Lamictal, Coreg, Valtrex still going strong. And the new products such as Boniva and the like are contributing. And finally an excellent quarter for the vaccine business up 20%. Now, if you look at the foreign exchange that Julian will comment, finally, finally, after three years of waiting, we're getting a bit of a small positive and that's why EPS growth was actually reported [starting terms] up 20% for the quarter.Now, besides the strong financial third quarter it is important quarter for our again vaccine business. We have completed the acquisition of Corixa for $270 million. This gives us, our freedom in terms of the adjuvant which we need to manufacture in very large quantities because it's going to be a part of several of our vaccines including [Severix]. And also we indicated our intention to acquire ID Biomedical for $1.4 billion. We are confident that this transaction will close shortly around the year end, if everything goes well with the FDC, and so far it is uneventful. This will give us of course incremental flu capacity and that's why we have an evolving situation in terms of our ability to
GlaxoSmithKline	think it's also an important year psychologically because it saw the return to sales growth for the first time since 2007. And it's sometimes interesting, and I did this little sort of analysis on Friday just to look back. And during '07, '08 and '09, between US generics and the loss of an Avandia sales, the Company actually lost GBP4.5 billion of turnover in the '07-'08-'09 period, but actually grew by GBP500 million.So in that period where we clearly had tremendous pressure on us from US generics and Avandia, to name just a couple of big areas, we've been able to grow the overall business, actually added GBP5 billion of (technical difficulty).And of course, in 2009, what you started to see is that reflected in a net growth of sales as the headwinds have started to diminish and the tailwinds have started to become stronger. And that's because, A, obviously a change in some of those negatives; but, B, more importantly, coming onstream of a whole series of sorts of growth for the business.In some ways, as I look forward now into 2010, really start to see the Company come through what you might have regarded as its patent [collection]
GlaxoSmithKline	up 4% for the quarter, and I think demonstrating the sustainability of our sales growth.Our established and new products both help drive this momentum. Let me give you a couple of examples. Seretide/Advair was up 9% to GBP1.3 billion. Cervarix was up 60% to GBP77 million. Synflorix in its second quarter at GBP45 million, and Tykerb, a treatment for advanced breast cancer, up 62% to GBP53 million.Sales from what I call white pill in Western markets accounted for just 27% of sales in Q1. That excludes, by the way, the pandemic flu products in the 27% compared to 32% this time last year. So it shows a continued delivery of momentum. Also, maybe just another metric to keep in mind, if you add the consumer vaccine and dermatology business together, they together accounted for 40% of GSK sales in the quarter, which again is a signal of the success we have been able to deliver in diversifying the business.The diversification is getting growth from many different sources of the arguments. Emerging Markets, for example, at GBP866 million, up 43%. If you adjust for the pandemic vaccine and Relenza, that number was actually up 17% compared to what we think is
GlaxoSmithKline	know who is here, because they may -- they will be available for you to chat to afterwards in coffee. I thought it was a great chance for you to meet some of our most senior management and the people who are leading some of the biggest bits of the Company.So if I worked down the room, Darrell Baker, who is the head of our Research and Development organization for all of our advanced inhaled respiratory products. And you seen some announcements on that today. In front of Darrell is Eddie Gray, who is the President of our European operation.Let's see, I've got Moncef Slaoui, who many of you know, the head of our R&D global operation. Back into the middle there I've got Patrick Vallance, who essentially runs all of the pharma R&D within Moncef's shop.In front of Patrick I've got Deirdre Connelly, who is the President of our US operation. David Redfern, who runs our M&A operation, and who also now looks after our Stiefel dermatology business, and is also -- will be taking over the Chairmanship of our other specialty businesses going forward.So Simon Dingemans at the front here who is our newly announced CFO taking over
GlaxoSmithKline	good if you ask him lots of really difficult questions, so he doesn't relax that much.Let me take you through the results. Before I do that, unfortunately I think as many others I need to just share with you this statement, hopefully to draw your attention to it and you can probably recite it better than I can. Let me move on to where we are as a group. Nothing's changed in terms of the strategy of the Company. But clearly as we moved through the last few years, I think it's becoming clearer and clearer what GSK really is. I think we've got a very clear case of a balanced business, balanced exposure geographically, balanced exposure across our different sectors, our consumer business, our vaccine business, and pharmaceutical business, and also some very good opportunity around the development of our pipeline of new products. So good balance.We've been very, very focused on building synergies within the organization. That exists at lots of different levels. Of course, all of the organization increasingly works through a common core backbone of services that I talked about three or four years ago. That has lead to very significant reductions in cost, about 20%
GlaxoSmithKline	ie -- excluding divestments such as the consumer product sale in Vesicare from last year. My commentary from now on is going to focus on just the ongoing business. I was very pleased to see, once again, broadly based growth coming from the US, EMAP, and consumer health, with Japan held back only by the Cervarix year-on-year comparison, without which, it would have been up 11%. And even Europe showing some signs of improvement, although I continue to think that Europe will remain very challenging for the rest of the year. It was good delivery in respiratory, especially from Seretide/Advair; Flovent and Ventolin in the US; oncology, especially Votrient in the US; a robust vaccine delivery, particularly Synflorix in the emerging markets.Our European restructuring is progressing well, and we are around halfway through that particular program of change. Our consumer healthcare business delivered excellent growth in all four categories -- wellness was up 8%, oral care up 5%, nutrition up 6%, and skin health up 6%. And in all regions, especially international and the US, both up 7%. For our largest consumer healthcare product, Sensodyne, we saw growth of 19% in markets outside of Europe and the US. And, I
GlaxoSmithKline	as I laid it out earlier in the year.This quarter's performance was in line with our expectation. In reported terms, we have seen the biggest difference ever for GSK as a result of currency movement with EPS down 9% to CER but up 6% in sterling terms, so a very significant benefit for the ongoing weakness of sterling versus major currencies, in particular, of course, the dollar, so seeing continue even as we speak. This quarter clearly demonstrates the very considerable transition occurring in our portfolio as several brands face generic competition in the US and our sales of Avandia continue to erode.Specifically, we saw the introduction of generic Lamictal in America this quarter. This adds to the existing generic competition to Coreg, Requip and Wellbutrin XL over the last 12 months. All of these have been expected, but I think it's just worth noting that these products, at their peak, were generating almost GBP3 billion of annual sales. So it just gives you a context of how much genericization impact there really is and why it's appropriate, I think, for us to describe the period we are in now as a significant transition period for the Company.With regard to
GlaxoSmithKline	some more information on some of the things which changed inside GSK.As I start though, first of all, I want to reiterate to you the strategy that we laid out a year ago. It's 12 months since -- some of you or many of you were in this room with me 12 months ago -- to go through the strategic direction I wanted to take GSK, and these are the three core strategies I laid out. To rebalance the organization in terms of going for more diversified global growth agenda rather than be overly dependent on just one or two assets or one or two business types with particular risk profiles.Secondly, to make sure that our R&D operations, whether they be in consumer or pharmaceuticals or vaccines, delivered real products of value. And we're much more rigorous about the way in which we allocate capital in those businesses. So a key theme around making sure R&D delivered over a sustained basis, recognizing that we didn't want to be a company which was totally dependent on the uncertain arrival of a blockbuster, but one which was capable of exploiting a portfolio of products, which we expect R&D to deliver on a
GlaxoSmithKline	your information, less than 30% of this quarter's sales were generated from what I call white pill Western markets, compared to 38% in the quarter before I took over as CEO. You know that's something we've been driving towards, and I think it's real evidence of the increasing degree of diversification within this Company and particularly when you look at where the source of sales growth are coming from.What you're also seeing are the consequences of a disciplined effort to reallocate resources to our key growth areas of the business, which is bringing it back to sales growth for the first time in over two years. That has been driven in particular by the areas we have been invested in, first of all the emerging markets, where sales for the quarter were up 25%. Really, a phenomenal performance from [abatastain's] region, and really reflected across the whole of our emerging markets -- China, Russia, Latina, Middle East, North Africa, all of those business groups performing extremely well.It's been delivered through a portfolio of different products, ranging from the most innovative brands, such as Seretide, through to our classic products, such as Augmentin and the uplift in our vaccine businesses.During the
GlaxoSmithKline	up to a further 40 such launches over the next five years.The success in Japan underscores the importance of developing different drivers of growth for the group, with different risk profiles across the various geographies. In the quarter, all three of our key businesses -- pharmaceuticals, vaccines and consumer health -- grew sales. And if we look at it from a geographic perspective, 38% of the group reported turnover is now outside of the US and Europe. And that 38% is now growing at 17%. All of this has meant that despite a difficult trading environment in the West, we have been able to deliver group underlying sales growth of 6% and 3% on a reported basis. We have now delivered average quarterly underlying growth of around 4.5% for the group over the past seven quarters.The headwinds of Avandia, Valtrex and pandemic products, which have held us back for several quarters, have now diminished significantly. Although there is likely to be some quarterly variability, we remain confident that underlying sales growth will translate into reported sales growth in 2012.Given economic pressures faced by governments, the environment for our business in the US and Europe remains challenging. That said, the impact
GlaxoSmithKline	one of our key areas in which we've chosen to invest aggressively over the last four years to help rebalance the group's sales profile, and that's evident in this quarter with the further strong performance in the region helping offset some of the very obvious pressures we're facing Western markets, particularly in Europe.Emerging market Asia-Pac sales grew 11% in Q3, which I think puts it very much at the top of the industry growth rate for emerging markets, and is a clear acceleration compared with the early parts of the year. Particularly strong performances in India are up 9%, China up 15%, and within the Chinese business, our Seretide business was up 46% for the quarter. I'm also encouraged by the continued strengthening of our business in the United States. While our reported sales were down in what is a noisy quarter with several discontinued or disposed products and some generics, really hiding the underlying sales growth of 2%.Respiratory, in particular, performed well. Business up 7%, Advair was up 5% during the quarter. And that represents the fifth consecutive quarter where we've seen an improvement in the underlying performance of Advair, both as our shares hold well and the overall
GlaxoSmithKline	you.&nbsp;First of all, explain a little bit the underpinnings of our '07 results and our '08 guidance, and then I want to concentrate on really lessons learned in '07. In other words, lot of things happened. Lots of events affected the pharmaceutical industry in '07. Most of them are not that meaningful, but a couple are and are going to change the environment forever, basically. In other words, they have a long-term effect on the industry, on GSK, and I'll make some comment on that as well.Let me start with '07. There were certain things that you and I expected, and then there were certain things that were a surprise. The things that came in as expected,(inaudible), vaccines, the big products all doing well. And then the new contributors growing faster, (inaudible) the Boniva, the Arixtra . That is helping us, and those products are going to be in our product line for the long run. So that was kind of where we anticipated the year to go.What was not expected is, of course, what happened with Avandia. We lost 22% of the revenues of Avandia. And this had a narcon effect on gross margin that was not always picked
GlaxoSmithKline	generic erosion, which we are reaching the peak of, it's going to get better in '09 and beyond. That is the consideration the big picture.I will, however, have also Julian present the detailed financials for '07 and '08, and then we'll do a Q&A. We will have Andrew Witty, CEO elect, Julian and Christy Barker join me. And we'll take all the questions from you. So let know go into the presentation. I really have two topics for you.First of all, explain a little bit the underpinnings of our '07 results and our '08 guidance, and then I want to concentrate on really lessons learned in '07. In other words, lot of things happened. Lots of events affected the pharmaceutical industry in '07. Most of them are not that meaningful, but a couple are and are going to change the environment forever, basically. In other words, they have a long-term effect on the industry, on GSK, and I'll make some comment on that as well.Let me start with '07. There were certain things that you and I expected, and then there were certain things that were a surprise. The things that came in as expected,(inaudible), vaccines, the big products all
GlaxoSmithKline	with Andrew Witty, our CEO Elect; and with Chris Viehbacher, the Head of our Pharmaceutical business in the U.S. So they will be ready to assist me for the Q&A session.In the meantime, I would like to make some general remarks on the quarter. I think it was a quarter that I would define as on track, certainly on track with our financial guidance. It was a tough quarter because we were comparing to very high sales of Avandia, as you know, but also a tough quarter because in the first quarter '07, we had quite a few positive one-timers which, of course, we didn't have this year. Despite that, I think the financials indicate that our product performance and our profit performance seemed to be very well lined up with our preliminary guidance from last quarter. I will also say that the other news on the pipeline overall quite good and I will come back and spend a minute on that. If you look at the performance, the revenue line is explained, of course, by the fact that Avandia and generics cost us roughly $1 million in lost sales. But we are able to make somewhat of a comeback
GlaxoSmithKline	we had quite a few positive one-timers which, of course, we didn't have this year. Despite that, I think the financials indicate that our product performance and our profit performance seemed to be very well lined up with our preliminary guidance from last quarter. I will also say that the other news on the pipeline overall quite good and I will come back and spend a minute on that.If you look at the performance, the revenue line is explained, of course, by the fact that Avandia and generics cost us roughly $1 billion in lost sales. But we are able to make somewhat of a comeback with, of course, the rest of our line, which is wide and diversified and in pretty good shape.Just a word on Avandia. Some of you have asked how we're doing, and as you can see, we had this brutal drop in May last year, and then, of course, there was a slight erosion that was going on. But for the last eight weeks or so, I think we have reached some kind of equilibrium. I haven't shown you on this graph the new RX because the new RX is a bit of a messy
GlaxoSmithKline	priorities.Before introducing Julian, though, I just want to make a couple of comments about the quarter, because I'm going to mainly focus on the strategy going forward in my presentation. As far as I'm concerned, I think this quarter has been a robust one and it has been a very busy one, robust in the sense of the performance of the numbers. I think you can see the underlying performance of the business continuing to really counteract those anticipated negatives which we knew were coming through U.S. generic cessations and, of course, the decline in Avandia, which we continue to see the year-on-year adverse, even though Avandia is beginning to stabilize at its new levels.So first of all, we've seen that robust performance. Secondly, R&D has had another good quarter. So we have included in the press releases for you today an update on our advanced Phase III programs. And you can see that those programs continue to develop very positively. And of course, during the quarter we successfully licensed in almorexant from Actelion, which I think many of you know was one of the most competitively fought opportunities out there for late-stage development assets. We're very pleased to get
GlaxoSmithKline	really counteract those anticipated negatives which we knew were coming through U.S. generic cessations and, of course, the decline in Avandia, which we continue to see the year-on-year adverse, even though Avandia is beginning to stabilize at its new levels.So first of all, we've seen that robust performance. Secondly, R&D has had another good quarter. So we have included in the press releases for you today an update on our advanced Phase III programs. And you can see that those programs continue to develop very positively. And of course, during the quarter we successfully licensed in almorexant from Actelion, which I think many of you know was one of the most competitively fought opportunities out there for late-stage development assets. We're very pleased to get it in, and I am delighted with the early signs of the partnership that is evolving with Actelion. So, R&D also very positive.We have been busy as well in starting to reshape our portfolio from the other end. Obviously, we are interested in acquiring and developing new products. We are also committed to start to jettison some of the anchors from the portfolio and the divestment of those four older products, old, off-patent, not growing,
GlaxoSmithKline	shareholders. If I turn to the numbers first, total sales were up 1%, core operating profit up 11%, and core earnings per share were up 16%, 28.9p. The increase in core operating profit was driven by continued strong cost control, including a reduction in R&D expenditure, and the delivery of a further benefit from the program of initiatives we started in 2012 to reshape and reduce certain long-term operating expenses. As we saw last year and signaled to you earlier this year, contributions from this program are unevenly phased, and we will continue to look for more of these types of opportunities to help deliver the same reductions in costs and balance sheet liabilities.We continue to return cash to shareholders with the dividend again increasing by 6% to 19p a share, and GBP1 billion a share to repurchase by the end of the quarter. I can also today reaffirm our full-year guidance of core EPS growth of 3% to 4% on sales growth of around 1%, both at constant currency. Sales grew 1%, despite the impact of a significant decline in China sales and the timing of various vaccine tender shipments. This is a resilient performance and is being driven
GlaxoSmithKline	2.2 percentage points higher, reflecting higher restructuring charges and asset impairments and also the adverse impact of currency movements.SG&A cost were level with 2005 and legal charges were some GBP50 million lower. If you strip out legal charges, SG&A costs increased only 2%, reflecting the benefit of previous restructuring programs.R&D was up 6% for the quarter, although it was impacted by higher restructuring charges. Excluding this, costs increased by 3%. Other operating income was GBP100 million. GBP46 million of that was a mark-to-market gain on the Quest and Serevent financial instruments, which, as you know, move up and down every quarter, although generally from year to year represent a relatively small amount of the full-year total. Royalties were GBP35 million. Overall, operating profit growth was 19%.You can see from this slide (technical difficulty) profit before tax grew 22% and was helped by lower interest charges. Net interest payable in the quarter benefited from the recognition of interest receivable for the year from recoverable tax. Earnings per share growth was 22%, and that was in line with PBT growth as lower minority interest charges and the benefit of the share buyback program compensated for the higher tax rate.You'll see the quarter
GlaxoSmithKline	which is always a good thing.&nbsp;Now, in terms of the key products, we have, as you have seen, a broad pharma portfolio. I'm not going to repeat the results of the various growth factors from the Advair and the Avantias and the others. And David, however, will spend some time telling you why this is going to continue to propel us, despite the fact that we are facing a tough year in terms of generic erosions. I mean, we are getting sort of a triple dose. Some years we lose one product. This year we lose basically three. We still have the lingering effects of Flonase this quarter, plus Zofran, plus Wellbutrin. So it's a tough year, and despite that, our revenues were up thanks to the growth drivers and the contribution of new products.We also had a good surprise with consumers. They continue to outpace the market. In fact, they're growing twice as fast as the over-the-counter market, and the results are good, whether you look at all care, OTC, all nutritionals. And there's more excitement ahead of us with the launch of Alli. Alli is the first diet aid which is approved by the FDA for launch in
GlaxoSmithKline	the FDA and from GSK to the advisory board members in the very near future; it should be on their Web site or soon thereafter. And I encourage you to look for new data; there is some. In fact, there is a spectacular epidemiology study, spectacular because of its size. This is information on 400,000 patients treated with the usual spectrum of drugs. There's a direct comparison between Avandia, Actos, Metformin, [SUs]. And I think it's very interesting. So all this will be debated in public Monday, and then the FDA will make a decision. And we look to a resolution of this controversy; the earlier the better.But Avandia is not the whole story. U.S. sales of Avandia before the controversy started were representing about 5% of GSK revenues. And I have to say, the rest of the business is in very good shape. That is also why we maintained the guidance, because frankly, we are ahead of our own plans for pretty much everything except Avandia.In that context, consumer did very well this quarter again; sales up 18%. And we'll spend a little bit more time on consumer than we normally do to celebrate their success. John will talk
GlaxoSmithKline	Avandia is a question mark, it all depends on how we come out of the FDA and what physicians feel about the drug. Right now they're very supportive of Avandia, but clearly there will be a change in the label, it's a matter of what kind of a change. If the FDA decides to mimic Europe, I think we'll be in good shape. If you'll recall, Europe has come out with a change in label that reconfirms the value of TCDs in the treatment of diabetes, and then has a descriptive on Avandia which we feel is balanced. So it's more unknown than anything else, a big swing factor for us for '08 particularly.But then we have growth drivers which of course help explain why despite a significant loss in Avandia, we were able to hold the sales line pretty much even with last year, so despite the generic, despite Avandia in '07, the rest is performing quite well. And some of those gross factors like vaccines are really booming. Vaccines were up 50% this quarter. That's probably above the average kind of growth rate but remember, that doesn't include Cervarix. And Cervarix is a tremendous opportunity. I was looking
Home Depot	with one follow-up. Our media relations department will be available for media questions following the call at 770-384-4646. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet at www.Homedepot.com with links on both our home page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will be also be available on our site.Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind that you our discussion today will include forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, our estimates and expectations for sales and earnings growth; new store openings; store initiatives and capital expenditures for fiscal 2004. These statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the company's historical experience and its present expectations. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in and the overall U.S. economy; stability of costs and the availability of channels; conditions affecting new store developments; our ability to implement new technologies and processes; the company's ability to track, train, and retain highly qualified associates; unanticipated weather conditions; and the impact of competition and regulatory and litigation matters.Undue reliance should not be placed on such forward-looking statements, such as statements speak only as
Home Depot	one question with one follow-up, please. Our media relations department will be available for media questions following the call at 770-384-4646. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the Internet at www.homedepot.com. with links on both our home page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site.Before I turn the call over to Bob let me remind you that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, our estimates and expectations for sales and earnings growth, new store openings, store initiatives, and capital expenditures for fiscal 2004. These statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the company's historical experience and its present expectations.These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to fluctuations in the overall condition of the U.S. economy, stability of costs and availability of sourcing channels, conditions affecting new store developments, the company's ability to integrate the businesses it acquires, our ability to implement new technologies and processes, the company's ability to attract, train, and retain highly qualified associates, unanticipated weather conditions and the impact of competition and regulatory and litigation matters. Undue reliance
Home Depot	earnings conference call.Joining us on the call today are are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot. Craig Menear, Executive Vice President Merchandising and Carol Tome, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts questions.Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow up, please. If we are unable to get to your question during this call, please call our Investor Relations Department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now, let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, EXEC. CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Diane. Good morning, everyone.Sales for the third quarter were $17.8 billion, down 6.2%. Comp sales were
Home Depot	Vice President of investor relations.Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP OF IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Augusta, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third quarter -- or fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, corporate services. Following our prepared remarks the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the internet at homedepot.com with links on both our home page and the investor relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our investor relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Home Depot	INC: Thank you. And good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot first quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks the call will be opened for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder we would appreciate if the participants would really limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet with links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call please call our Investor Relations department at (770)384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited the those factors
Home Depot	Tome; Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations Department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentations may also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliation of these measurements is provided on our website. Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Diane and I would like to start by saying
Home Depot	prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call the Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentations may also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliation of these measurements is provided on our website. Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Diane and good morning, everyone. Sales for the second quarter were $22.5 billion, up 9.5% from last year. Comp sales were
Home Depot	will open the line for questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and, as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet at homedepot.com with links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now let me turn the call over to Bob Nardelli.BOB NARDELLI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thanks, Diane, and good morning, everyone. This year was another year of Company records demonstrating that the strategy we laid out five years ago is working and is delivering profitable growth. We continue to solidify our leadership position in the markets that we
Home Depot	also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission.Now let me turn the call over to Bob Nardelli.BOB NARDELLI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, AND CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thanks, Diane. In the second quarter, we delivered sales of $26 billion, up almost 17% from last year. Our net earnings were $1.9 billion, and excluding a one-time tax assessment, diluted earnings per share were $0.93, an increase of over 13%. During the quarter, we continued our focus on returning value to our shareholders. In May as you recall, the Board approved the repurchase of $2 billion or approximately 53 million shares through an accelerated share repurchase program.Since the inception of our buyback program in late 2002,
Home Depot	to get to your question during the call please feel free to call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.&nbsp;Before I turn the call over to Bob let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now let me turn the call over to Bob Nardelli.BOB NARDELLI, CEO, CHAIRMAN, HOME DEPOT INC: Thanks, Diane.Well, in August we predicted that the third quarter was going to be soft, and it was actually more challenging than we anticipated. We felt the impact of the U.S. retail home improvement market slowing significantly. However, during the quarter, we did stay on strategy by accelerating our investment in our core retail business and growing our Supply businesses. In the third quarter, consolidated sales were $23 billion. That's up 11% from last year. Our diluted earnings per share were $0.73. That's up 1%. While consolidated net income, earnings were $1.5 billion, down 3%. Carol
Home Depot	answers will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we'd appreciate if a participant will limit themselves to one question with one followup, please. Our media relations department will be available for media questions following the call at 770-384-4646. This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at HomeDepot.com with links on both our home page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind you that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, our estimates and expectations for sales and earnings growth, new store openings, store initiatives and capital expenditures for fiscal 2004.These statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's historical experience and its present expectations. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to fluctuations in the overall economy of the U.S., stability of costs and availability of sourcing channels, conditions affecting new store development, the Company's ability to integrate the businesses it acquires, our ability to implement new technologies and processes, the Company's ability to attract, train
Home Depot	This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet at homedepot.com, with links on both our home page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site.&nbsp;Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind you that today's press release and presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now, let me turn the call over to Bob Nardelli.BOB NARDELLI, CHAIRMAN, CEO, AND PRESIDENT, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thanks, Diane, and good morning, everyone. We completed our second quarter with strong financial results. Sales for the second quarter were $22.3 billion, a Company record. Our comps were 4%, and net income was $1.8 billion, another Company record. Earnings per share were $0.82, representing a 17% increase. Our results are indicative of strong sales and our continued focus on process improvement and cost control.Now, in the second quarter, we demonstrated the Company's ability to drive top-line growth, through
Home Depot	ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP OF IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today is Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot, Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising, and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened to analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, We would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the Internet at earnings.homedepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those
Home Depot	page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site.&nbsp;Before I turn the call over to Bob let me remind you that our discussion today will include forward-looking statements relating to, among other things, our estimates and expectations for sales and earnings growth, new store openings, store initiatives and capital expenditures for fiscal 2004. These statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the company's historical experience and its present expectations. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in and the overall condition of the U.S. economy, stability of costs and availability of sourcing channels, conditions affecting new store developments, the company's ability to integrate the businesses it acquires, our ability to implement new technologies and processes, the company's ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified associates, unanticipated weather conditions and the impact of competition and regulatory and litigation matters. Undue reliance should not be placed on such forward-looking statements as such statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Additional information regarding these and other risks is contained in the company's periodic filings with the
Home Depot	please.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at Home Depot.com with links on both our home page and under the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site.Before I turn the call over to bob, let me remind you that today's press release and presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now let me turn the call over to Bob Nardelli.BOB NARDELLI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, THE HOME DEPOT INC.: Thank you Diane. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss our results and accomplishments for the year.This year, as we celebrated our 25th anniversary, we solidified our leadership position in home improvement, delivering record sales and earnings. In addition, we're the only company in the Dow to report earnings growth in excess of 20 percent for the last three years. I'm very proud of our progress in 2004.These accomplishments could not have been
Home Depot	Internet at homedepot.com, with links on both our home page and under the investor relations second -- section. The replay will also be available on our site. Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind that today's press release and presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now let me turn the call over to Bob Nardelli.BOB NARDELLI, CHAIRMAN, CEO AND PRESIDENT, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Diane, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our first-quarter results.In the first quarter, we delivered sales of 19 billion, and achieved solid earnings growth. I want to personally thank our dedicated associates who effectively managed the business and drove improvements in key customer satisfaction metrics. Our net income was 1.2 billion, and our diluted earnings per share were $0.57, an increase of 16%. Our strong earnings growth was a result of our focus on operational excellence. Our comp sales
Home Depot	Welcome to The Home Depot first-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and, as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up. The conference call is being broadcast real time on the Internet at earnings.HomeDepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations Department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Today's presentations also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliation
Home Depot	entered before this time may not have registered in our system.Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP OF IR, THE HOME DEPOT INC.: Thank you, Alicia, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to The Home Depot's second-quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at earnings.homedepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our investor relations department at 770-384-2387.Now before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations are made -- and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in
Home Depot	home page and investor relations sections. The replay will also be available on our site. Before I turn the call over to Bob, let me remind you that today's press release and presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now let me turn the call over to Bob Nardelli.BOB NARDELLI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thanks Diane. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased with the progress we've made on the strategy that we've laid out over the last four years. Our third quarter results demonstrate our ability to sustain and continue the execution of our strategy to enhance the core, extend the business, and expand our market. Delivering both growth and tremendous value. This quarter, we're reporting record third quarter sales and earnings with sales of 20.7 billion, an increase of 10.5% from last year, and earnings per share of $0.72, a 20% increase from last year.I'm also pleased with the amount of value
Home Depot	Thank you, Felicia and good morning to everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot, Craig Menear, Executive Vice President merchandising, and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the Internet at http://earnings.homedepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with
Home Depot	a question and answer session today. (Operator Instructions) Beginning today's discussion is Ms. Diane Dayhoff, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.DIANE DAYHOFF, VP OF IR, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Cindy, and good morning to everyone. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot, Craig Menear, Executive Vice President Merchandising, and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst's questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet at earnings.homedepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Now, before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and
Home Depot	THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thanks, Yvonne, and thank you to everyone and good morning. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the Internet at Earnings.HomeDepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and
Home Depot	everyone. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors. And as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at earnings.HomeDepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site.If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations Department at 770-384-2387.Now before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentations also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliation of these measurements is provided in the
Home Depot	President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please.This earnings conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet. The replay will also be available on our site at earnings.homedepot.com. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Now before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Today's presentations also include certain non-GAAP measurements. A reconciliation of these measurements is provided in the financial statements included with our earnings release and on our website. Now let me turn the call over
Home Depot	President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors. And as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Today's presentations will also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliations of these measurements is included in the release and is provided on our website.Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Diane, and good morning,
Home Depot	Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks the call will be opened for analysts questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder we would appreciate if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow up, please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet with Home Depot.com, with links on the home page and the investor relations sections. The reply will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question this morning during the call, please call Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factored identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now, let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE HOME DEPOT: Thank you, Diane and
Home Depot	presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factored identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now, let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE HOME DEPOT: Thank you, Diane and good morning everyone. Sales for the second quarter were $21 billion, down 5.4%. Comp sales were negative 7.9%. As Carol will describe, sales for the quarter were negatively impacted by about $160 million because of the seasonal shift associated with 53 weeks in fiscal 2007. Adjusting for that, comp sales were negative 7.2%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.71.I think you all are well aware of the difficult environment in the housing and home improvement markets, so what I would like to discuss the areas where we are focused on for execution and give you a sense of the progress we are making and the ground we still have to cover.For the past 18 months, we have been working on our five key priorities, associate engagement, shopping
Home Depot	Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising, and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we really would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves with one question with one follow-up please.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at homedepot.com with links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Today's presentations also include
Home Depot	good morning to, everyone. Welcome to the Home Depot third quarter earnings conference call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analysts questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors. And as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow up, please. This conference call is being broadcast realtime on the Internet at homedepot.com, with links on both our home page and the investor relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. If you are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our investor relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you this today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors
Home Depot	Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at earnings.homedepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections.These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentations may also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliation of these
Home Depot	of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up.This conference call is being broadcast real-time on the Internet at Earnings.HomeDepot.com. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentations may also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliation of these measurements is provided on our website.Now
Home Depot	Services.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors; and as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations Department at 770-384-2387.Now before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our experiences and projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Today's presentations may also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliation of these measurements is provided on our website.Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Diane, and good morning, everyone. Sales for the second quarter were $20.6 billion, up 1.7% from last year. Comp sales were
Home Depot	the Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President, Merchandising; and Carol Tome, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services.Following our prepared remarks the call will be open for analysts' questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up please. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Now before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections.These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's presentations may also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliation of these measurements is provided on our website.Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you,
Home Depot	The Home Depot, Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising, Mark Holyfield, Senior Vice President of Supply Chain and counsel made Chief Financial Officer.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be opened for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the Internet at www.homedepot.com with links on both our homepage and invest relation section. The replay also will be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our investor relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentation made by our executives include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now, let me turn the call over the Frank.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT, INC.:
Home Depot	the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentation made by our executives include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now, let me turn the call over the Frank.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Diane. Good morning, everyone.I believe, we'll look back at 2007 as one of the most difficult years ever for Home Depot financially. But I also believe, we'll look back on it as one of the most important years for the long-term health of the business. On the financial side for the year, consolidated earnings per share declined 15% to $2.37.For our continuing operations, earnings per share were down 11% for the year. Our comp sales were negative 6.7%. When we set our plan in the beginning of 2007, we thought that we'd see an improvement in the market by the fourth quarter.In fact, we saw conditions worsen. Markets that had been soft, like California, Florida, and
Home Depot	call. Joining us on our call today are Frank Blake, Chairman and CEO of The Home Depot; Craig Menear, Executive Vice President of Merchandising; Paul Raines, Executive Vice President, U.S. Stores; and Carol Tom, Chief Financial Officer.Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder we would really appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. This conference call is being broadcast real time on the internet at the homedepot.com, with links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. A replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get to your question during the call, please call our Investor Relation department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release, and in our filings with the Securities
Home Depot	call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Now, let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Diane, and good morning everyone.Sales for the first quarter were $17.9 billion, down 3.4%. Comp sales were negative 6.5%. As Carol will describe, sales and comps for the quarter reflect a benefit in seasonal timing due to the 14th week in the 4th quarter of 2007. Diluted earnings per share were $0.21 that includes a $0.20 charge related to our decision to rationalize square footage growth in existing stores.I'd like to summarize what I see as the positives for the quarter and then talk about some concerns. First, on the positive side, we showed significant improvement in the disciplines around our merchandising, as Craig will describe. We had better execution in our seasonal business and
Home Depot	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Corporate Services. Following our prepared remarks, the call will be open for analyst questions. Questions will be limited to analysts and investors, and as a reminder, we would appreciate it if the participants would limit themselves to one question with one follow-up, please. If we are unable to get your question during the call, please call our Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and Projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Today's presentations also include certain non-GAAP measurements. Reconciliation of these measurements is included in the release and is Provided on our website. Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, THE HOME DEPOT, INC.: Thank you, Diane, and good morning, everyone. Sales for the
Home Depot	links on both our home page and the Investor Relations section. The replay will also be available on our site. If we are unable to get your question during the call, please call Investor Relations department at 770-384-2387.Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you today, that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but, are not limited to those factors identified in the release, and in our filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission.Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thanks, Diane, and good morning, everyone. Today we are going to review the Company's fourth quarter financial results, and our consolidated financial results for 2006. We will discuss 2007, but only generally. We have our Annual Investor Conference next week, so we will defer a more detailed discussion of 2007 for a few days.Let me begin with an obvious comment. 2006 was a challenging year for us. For the fourth quarter consolidated sales were $20 billion,
Home Depot	turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1955. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Diane, and good morning, everyone. This was a difficult first quarter for us. Consolidated sales were $21.6 billion, up about 1%, but diluted earnings per share were down 24% at $0.53. Our retail business had a negative comp of 7.6% for the quarter. While we expected a tough quarter, this was worse than we anticipated. There were a number of factors that contributed to our poor performance. The housing and home improvement markets were soft and especially so in some of our traditionally strong markets in Florida and the Northeast. The weather was challenging as we had one of the coldest Aprils in more than a decade. Finally, we continue to work through
Home Depot	me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by executives including forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Diane and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying that I realize that many of you want to know where we stand on the sale of our HD Supply business. Unfortunately, I have no new details to add. We remain in discussions with the buyers and I'm not in a position to answer the very reasonable questions you may have about what is the likely outcome. What I can talk about this morning is the performance of our core retail business. Our market continues to be a challenging one. You're familiar with the statistics, housing starts are down 22%, existing home sales are down 12%, inventory of homes for sale is at 8.7 months, a 15 year high and the home
Home Depot	770-384-2387.&nbsp;Before I turn the call over to Frank, let me remind you that today's press release and the presentations made by our executives include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors identified in the release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now let me turn the call over to Frank Blake.FRANK BLAKE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HOME DEPOT INC: Thank you, Diane and good morning everyone. Our market continues to face into significant headwinds. We started the year with a fairly pessimistic view of the housing and home improvement markets. It turns out we weren't pessimistic enough. We had expected some market improvement by the third quarter. That didn't occur. And our results reflect the difficult market.Sales for the third quarter were $19 billion, down 3.5%. Comp sales were negative 6.2%. And diluted earnings per share from our retail business were down 9% at $0.59. We expect continued difficult conditions for the remainder of 2007 and into 2008. We have consistently used as a guide post to market conditions the ratio of
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	be advised that Honda's actual result could materially differ from these described in this [forward-looking statement] as a result of the numerous factors, including general economic condition in Honda's principal markets and the foreign exchange rate between the Japanese yen and the US dollar and the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.For the third quarter, please see page six -- slide six. Business environment during the quarter are demand for the car (inaudible) market, demand in Asia and Brazil became soft, while Indonesian market continued to be robust as market. Sales in [Brazil and Russia] start to slowing down. Demand in India and China continued to be soft during the period. Under such business environment, Honda's unit sales for Motorcycles were 2.5 million units. Automobile unit sales were 940,000 units. Power Product unit sales were 1.115 million units.Financial result for this quarter are top line revenue became JPY2,533.2 billion, down 16.8% from last year. Operating income was down 62.9% to JPY102.4 billion from last year. Income before income tax was JPY86.7 billion, a decrease of 66.7% from last year. Equity in income of affiliates was JPY30.7 billion, which was down 1.6%.
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Now I'd like to start with the financial summary for the fourth quarter. Please see slide nine. The economic recession in the US and Europe deepened, associated with the further deterioration of the real economy. And in Japan, as export were depressed significantly, economic environment evolved into the more challenging. In Asia, outside Japan, recession was accelerated and it came to be more serious in certain countries. In terms of the currency environment during the period, Japanese yen appreciate against the US dollar and the euro.Now I'd like to elaborate business environment surrounding our operation. In Motorcycle, industry demand declined in the US, Brazil, along with Southeast Asian countries, including Thailand and Indonesia during the period. On the other hand, demand in India had expanded,
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with the method that Honda considers reasonable.Financial summary. We would now like to review the financial summary for the fiscal first quarter, which ended on June 30. Please refer to slide 3.Operating income for the first quarter was JPY184.9 billion, a 5.1% increase compared to the same period last year. A number of factors, including a decrease in sales volume and model mix, had a negative impact on earnings. The currency effects, due to a weaker yen, helped to boost earnings.With respect to Motorcycle group unit sales, sales declined in Brazil within the other regions category. A number of factors, including the positive impact of new model introduction, led to a rise in Asia, resulting in a total of 4,054,000 units or a 3.7% increase.Within Automobile operations, unit sales rose in all regions except for Japan where the end to an eco-incentive program led to a decline. The unit sales total for the quarter was 999,000 units, unchanged from a year earlier.In Power Product operations, robust lawnmower sales led to higher sales in North America,
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	is Oshima of Honda North America. Thank you for joining the Honda Investor Relations call. Honda in Japan just announced its third quarter results ending December 31st. Again we'd like to have the -- like to discuss about the result. This time we have many speakers. Again as usual. Mr. Hyogo from Japan. Hyogo-san.ATSUYOSHI HYOGO, SENIOR MANAGER, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Hi good morning.HIROSHI OSHIMA: Hi, Hyogo-San. Thank you for joining. And also [Tetschemara]-San.MR. TETSCHEMARA, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Hi good morning.HIROSHI OSHIMA: Thank you Tetschemara-San. Thank you for joining. And as usual we have a guest analyst Mr. [Daiwafring].MR. DAIWAFRING, ANALYST, DAIWAFRING AND ASSOCIATES: Good morning Oshima-San.HIROSHI OSHIMA: Hi Daiwafring-San. Thank you for joining. And we're supposed to have a gentleman from the UK, Mr. [Sunita] but there's some trouble on the telephone line. He might join later on. And [Daiwafring] Mr. [Daiwafring] is an analyst of [Daiwafring] and Associates and we'd like to start it with these members. Later Mr. Sunita will join.And this conference we'd like to use some of the material which has already put in on Honda's website and we would like to use that slide, some specific slides to proceed this conference.First I'd like
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	is Oshima. Thank you for the Hondas - thank you for the joining Honda's investor relation call. Today, the Honda just announced in the fourth quarter fiscal '06 results, the [same time term] month result. And [inaudible] that we'd like to elaborate or talk about Honda's fourth quarter result for the overseas investors. And as usual, we have a couple of speakers joining this conference. And I'd like to introduce each of them from Tokyo, London and also Cleveland, Ohio. First, we have two, not new face, but you might recall his name - [Ike]. Ike-san?MR. IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO., LTD.: Good morning, everyone, on the line. My name is Ike and I was newly assigned as the CFO for the company as of April 1, taking Mr. Aoki's position. Actually, Mr. Aoki is not retiring, but he just gave me that position. So, I would like to say hello to everyone on the line.MR. OSHIMA: Okay, Ike-san, thank you joining this IR call. And we have another new person, Mr. [Endo]. Endo-san?MR. ENDO, HEAD FINANCE DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO., LTD.: Hi. Good morning. My name is Endo. I am general manager in the finance division in Honda. Thank
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.Now I would like to start with the financial summary for the quarter. Please have a look at slide three.In term of economic environment during the quarter in the US market, the economy has moderately recovered, although credit contraction and high unemployment ratio are still a concern.The economy of Europe as a whole has gradually recovered, although concerns remain including the continued high unemployment rate.Economies in China and India continue to expand and economies of other Asian countries have also recovered overall.In Japan, high unemployment rate remained unchanged and downside risk of economy warmed as volatility in ForEx and stock markets went on, reflecting concerns about economic slowing down in overseas markets.YOICHI HOJO, COO, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Now I would like to elaborate on business operation environment surrounding us.In Motorcycles, industry demand in Indonesia, India, Thailand and Vietnam continued to expand significantly.Looking at other than Asia markets, the demand in Brazil was expanded during the quarter. Nevertheless [leisure
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	rising energy prices, the housing market downturn and high unemployment, indication of gradual economic recovery, such as steady rise in consumer and capital spending could be seen.In Asia, excluding Japan, consumer confidence in China has deteriorated due to the uncertainty about the economy and the rising prices. In India and Southeast Asia economy continued to expand, although the pressure on the inflation intensified. In Japan impact for the recent earthquake has been a great concern.Now, I'd like to elaborate on the business environment surrounding us. In motorcycle business industry demand in Indonesia, India, Thailand, Brazil and Vietnam continued to expand while it shrunk in the U.S. Automobile industry demand in the U.S., Russia and India increased. However, in Europe and Japan demand decreased.With regard to the Forex during the period, Japanese yen appreciated against U.S. dollar and the Euro. Yen was JPY82 per dollar, JPY9 higher than the same period last year. For euro JPY113 per EUR1, JPY12 higher from the same period last year.Motorcycle unit sales posted 2,934,000 units, up 12.8% from the same period last year. Automobile unit sales totaled 860,000 units, decreased by 1.6% from the fourth quarter last year. Power Products unit sales were 1,746,000 units,
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Now I would like to start with financial summary for the first quarter that ended on June 30, 2011. Please have a look at the slide three, reviewing global economic environment during the quarter. In the US, the growth of consumer spending and capital expenditure was moderated and a high unemployment rate and sluggish housing market continued. Although a slow recovery could be seen, concerns of economic deterioration remained.In Europe, the economy has gradually recovered, although conditions varied widely by country. Concerns remain including low confidence in the financial system and continued high unemployment.In Asia, while the economy continued to expand in China, the pace of economic expansion moderated in India. The economies of other Asian countries achieved overall recovery, although the pace of recovery slowed.The economy in
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Before explaining the results, we would like to briefly review the global economic environment during the past quarter. The US market showed continued signs of a gradual recovery, as evidenced by a rise in GDP, consumer spending, and housing investments, accompanied by a drop in the unemployment rate. However, the high price of gasoline, and instability in the European financial markets continue to cause concern.The European market experienced a sharp slowdown due to the heightened risk of instability in the financial markets of certain member countries, and a subsequent widespread rise in unemployment, which has dampened consumer spending.Asia was led by steady growth in China and India, which served as a driver for recovery in surrounding countries in the region, despite wariness over the European financial crisis.Japan's bleak economic situation remained unchanged. There was a jump in equipment investment, which contributed to a slight overall improvement for the quarter. But other economic factors remained largely unchanged, and unemployment edged upwards.During the quarter, the automobile industry experienced strong demand in
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro, and other major currencies, as well as factors detailed from time to time.KOICHI KONDO, EVP, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Now I'd like to start with the financial summary for the quarter. Please have a look at slide three. Regarding economic environment, starting from the US, we have seen some sign of recovery, although the pace is moderate. In European countries, it seems to have bottomed out and we expect it to gradually recover, going forward.Economies in China and India have already recovered. And it is evident that other Asian countries has seen recovery themselves also. In Japan, unemployment rates still remain high and the situation continues to be severe. However, certain sign of improvement are visible, such as higher consumer spending.In terms of currency for the quarter compared with the level of the third quarter last fiscal year, Japanese yen appreciate toward the US dollar JPY89 for $1, which was JPY7 higher. Against the euro, yen was depreciated to JPY133
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	posted on the Company website and please click the link on the all new [CLD] for downloading material. If you are all set, okay folks, let's start.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: This audio presentation contains forward looking statements as defined in Section 27a of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward looking statements as a result of numerous factors including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies as well as other factors detailed from time to time.TETSUA OSHIMA: I would like to now start with the financial summary for the quarter. Please have a look at slide nine. The full year summary is stated on slide three for your reference purpose. Starting with the global economic environment for the quarter, in the US we have seen a consumer spending shaping up to be better than it was and
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	click the link on the all-new 2011 Odyssey pictures for downloading material. If you're all set, okay, folks, let's start.UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: This audio presentation contains forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements are based on management's assumptions and beliefs, taking into account information currently available to it. Therefore, please be advised that Honda's actual results could materially differ from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.TETSUO OSHIMA: I'd like now to start with the financial summary for the quarter. Please have a look at slide three.Starting with the global economic environment during this quarter period, in the US we have seen moderate economic recovery, while concern remained considering credit constraint, along with high unemployment ratio. In European countries, economic outlook remained unfavorable. In Asia, outside Japan, economic expansion in China accelerated, and the economy in Asian countries
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	about US economy become stagnant due to the possibility of credit limit and the high unemployment rate will be prolonged.Economies in China and India continued to expand. And the economies of other Asian countries also achieved overall recovery at a somewhat slower pace.In Europe, economy has bottomed as a whole, but concerns that recovery will slow remains, as high unemployment rate continue.The weak economic environment in Japan remain unchanged. Despite the fact that capital spending slightly improved, the sluggish recovery of consumer spending and prolonged high unemployment rate are considered a sign that the condition remains severe.Now, I would like to elaborate business operation environment surrounding us.In Motorcycle business, industry demand in India, Vietnam, Brazil and Thailand continued to expand significantly. The demand in Indonesia also continually expanded during the quarter. However, leisure purpose demand in developed countries continued to decline.In Automobile business, the industry demand in China and India experienced strong expansion, while in the US and Brazil the industry growth was boosted significantly by strong demand. However, in Japan, demand decreased with adversely effects after the government [similar] program ended.With regard to ForEx, during the period, Japanese yen appreciated against US dollar. Yen was JPY83 per dollar, JPY6
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and US dollar, the euro, or other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Now the financial summary. We would now like to review the financial summary for the full fiscal year which ended on March 31. Please refer to slide 3.Honda realized a major recovery from the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Thai flooding. New vehicle introductions and other measures led to a large increase in Automobile sales, predominantly in North America, Asia and Japan, resulting in operating income of JPY544.8 billion, an increase of 135.5%.With respect to Group Motorcycle unit sales, a decline in Brazil, within the Other Regions category, was more than offset by growth in Asia and North America, leading to a total of 15.5 million units, or a 2.9% increase.Within Automobile operations, all regions recorded production gains compared to a year earlier, when the Japan earthquake and Thai flooding caused supply network disruptions. The production total for the fiscal year was 4,014,000
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	that Honda's actual result could materially differ from these described in these forward-looking statements as a result of the numerous factors, including general economic condition in Honda's principal markets, and the foreign exchange rate between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, and the euro, and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.Now I'd like to start with a financial summary for the second quarter. Please see the slide three. Business environment during the quarter are oil price continue to volatile and the raw material costs stay high. A fear for the US recession accelerated. After the financial crisis, consumer spending in the Western Europe became weaker.Looking at Asian countries, its economic expansion became slow. Japan economy showed a sign of the weakness.As to the ForEx environment during the quarter, yen appreciated against both the US dollar and the euro and it depreciated against other currencies, such as Brazilian real.Looking at the motorcycle market, demand in Indonesia, India and Brazil continued to be strong while in the US demand for the ATV and off-road motorcycles were declined.As for the motor automobile market, industry demand in the US and Western Europe declined, particularly centered in
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	in these forward looking statements as a result of numerous factors including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.TETSUA OSHIMA: Thank you Crystal. And now I'd like to start with the financial summary for the quarter. Please see slide three.With regard to the economic environment during this April to June period, oil prices climbed globally and the price of the raw material were fluctuated. Economic recession in the US and Europe remained severe throughout the last first quarter period.In the meantime, in Asia, economic growth in China and India have been continued. But growing pace became slow compared to the prior quarters.In Japan capital expenditure declined and the economy remains sluggish. But decline in consumer confidence likely to be helped.In terms of the currency environment during the period, Japanese yen appreciated against the US dollar. Yen was JPY97 per dollar, JPY8 higher than last year.Euro was JPY132 per euro, JPY32 higher from the same period last year.Now I'd like to elaborate business environment surrounding us.In Motorcycle industry demand in the US declined
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro, and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Now I'd like to start with the financial summary for the quarter. Please have a look at the slide three.In terms of economic environment during the quarter, US economy has deteriorated and expected to go long before its recovery. European economies also became worse. However, the downfall has stopped in certain countries. In Asia, China and India take back to recovery, and other counties in Asia demonstrated signs of a moderated recovery.In Japan, unemployment rate has been deteriorated close to the record high level, but signs of a moderate recovery has been seen centered in individual spendings.In connection with the currency environment during the period, Japanese yen appreciate against US dollar. Yen was JPY94 for dollars, JPY14 higher than the last year. Euro was JPY134 per euro, JPY27 higher from the same period last year.Now I'd like to elaborate the business operation environment surrounding us. In Motorcycles, investor demand
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Now I would like to start with the financial summary for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2011. Please have a look at slide 3. Honda achieved an operating income of JPY52.5 billion and net income attributable to Honda Motor of JPY60.4 billion. Both of these beat profit forecasts which Honda announced on August 1, 2011, due mainly to strong profits posted by the automobile and financial services businesses in North America and the motorcycle business and the automobile business in emerging countries, despite decreased unit sales in the automobile business caused by the supply chain disruption following the Great East Japan earthquake that occurred on March 11, 2011 and an unfavorable currency effect by the yen's appreciation.Motorcycle unit sales totaled 3,276,000 units, up
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Now, I would like to start with the financial summary for the third quarter that ended on December 31, 2011. Please have a look at slide 3.Honda again showed resilience in this quarter. The severe impacts from the flooding in Thailand, as well as unfavorable ForEx, were partly absorbed by the steady recovery of Automobile business in major markets, strong return by the Motorcycle business, and the Company-wide efforts to reduce fixed costs. Moreover, despite a reversal of deferred tax assets, due to the change in income tax laws in Japan, Honda achieved a bottom line of JPY47.6 billion.Motorcycle unit sales totaled 3,076,000 units, up by 6.3% from the same period last year.Automobile unit sales totaled 830,000 units, a decrease of 2.9% from the same period last year.Power Product unit sales were 1,021,000 units, down by 11.8% from the same period last year.Financial highlights for this third quarter are seen in the middle of the slide. Net income attributable to Honda Motor totaled JPY47.6 billion, a decrease of 41.2% from the same period last year. EPS was JPY26.45, which was a decrease of
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	from those described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and the US dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time. The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with a method that Honda considers reasonable.Before explaining the results, we would like to briefly review the global business environment during the past quarter. The automobile industry in the US continued its steady recovery from the sales slowdown in the same period last year, which resulted from supply constraints following the earthquake.Eco-car incentives boosted sales in Japan, while Europe was down sharply, despite robust growth in Russia. Sales in Asia were led by a strong rebound in Thailand, while sales in China continued to rise, but at a more moderate pace.In the Motorcycles segment, sales rose in Asia, led by increasing demand for scooters in India. Due to the introduction of stricter consumer credit regulations related to down-payment requirements, sales volume contracted in Indonesia. Demand was down sharply in Brazil and, to a lesser extent, in Vietnam,
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	Honda's earnings, and also we'd also like to discuss about the new guidance which Honda made today.And today, for this conference we have, as usual, the guests, many speakers from London and New York and Tokyo as well. And we have already put in the presentation much earlier on the website. So those who are participating this conference, please download the presentation material from our website, http//world.honda.com/investorfinancialresults/.So first of all, let me introduce today's speaker. We have Mr. Ike.FUMIHIKO IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello. Good morning, and good evening everyone.TETSUA OSHIMA: And we also have [Mr. Takeuchi], the General Manager with Honda.MR. TAKEUCHI, GENERAL MANAGER, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello. Good morning, and good evening everyone.TETSUA OSHIMA: And we have Mr. Kitamura from New York.TAKU KITAMURA, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello. Good morning, everyone.TETSUA OSHIMA: And we also have Miss. Okamoto from London.NORIKO OKAMOTO, GENERAL MANAGER, HONDA MOTOR EUROPE PR DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello. Good morning, everyone.TETSUA OSHIMA: Thank you very much for joining. And we have a guest analyst from Ohio. [Dan-san].MR. DAN, ANALYST: Hello, everyone.TETSUA OSHIMA: Thank you for the joining. And we have Honda Investor Relations Team here.So, let me briefly explaining Honda's
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	Honda's actual result could materially differ from these described in these forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including general economic conditions in Honda's principal markets, and the foreign exchange rate between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar, the euro and other major currencies, as well as other factors detailed from time to time.Now, I like to start with outline of the fourth quarter financial result. Please see slide three. Business environment during the fourth quarter are the United States have seen economic slowdown across all region, Asian market continued to grow, Japan's economy is likely to slow with weak consumer demand, crude oil price at record high and the commodity price also stay high. Yen appreciated against U.S. dollars, whilst depreciated against other major currencies.Under such economic background, unit sales of Honda Motorcycles business during the quarter were 2.368 million unit, which was down 1.7% from last year. Sales in other regions, [centered in Brazil], were strong, while decreased sales of knockdown components to Indonesia undermined total unit sales.Unit sales of Automobiles became 1.051 million unit, which were up 9.8% from the corresponding period last year. All sales in all region were increased. Sales in Latin America
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	of the fourth quarter financial result. Please see slide three. Business environment during the fourth quarter are the United States have seen economic slowdown across all region, Asian market continued to grow, Japan's economy is likely to slow with weak consumer demand, crude oil price at record high and the commodity price also stay high. Yen appreciated against U.S. dollars, whilst depreciated against other major currencies.Under such economic background, unit sales of Honda Motorcycles business during the quarter were 2.368 million unit, which was down 1.7% from last year. Sales in other regions, [centered in Brazil], were strong, while decreased sales of knockdown components to Indonesia undermined total unit sales.Unit sales of Automobiles became 1.051 million unit, which were up 9.8% from the corresponding period last year. All sales in all region were increased. Sales in Latin America and North America were increased, supported by the higher demand of fuel-efficient vehicle. Unit sales of Power Products were 2.092 million unit; down 1.7% from last year. Increase in sales in Europe, Asia and other region were not enough to compensate for the decline sales in North America.Regarding the fourth quarter financial result, please see the table in the middle. Top line
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	the first quarter. Please see the slide four. Business environment during the quarter, crude oil price continues to increase and the raw material costs were soared. And the pressure with the inflation has been intense. U.S. recession fear growth, consumer spending in Western Europe became slow.Asian countries slightly slow with the economic expansion and Japan economies showed a sign of weakness. As to the Forex environment, yen appreciate against the U.S. dollar and depreciate against other currencies such as euro and the Brazilian Real. Regarding the motorcycle market, growth in Asia and South America continued and the declined market for ATV and also the motorcycle in North America.As for the automobile market, in the U.S. industry demand declined and is shifting toward more fuel-efficient vehicle. Demand in the Western Europe market has been declined. Rickshaws continue to grow and Japan stays weak in automobile demand. Under such business environment, Honda's unit sales of motorcycle were 2.715 million unit. Automobile unit sales were 962,000 units. Power product unit sales were 1.339 million units.In terms of the financial summary for the quarter, top-line revenue became JPY2,867 billion, which is down 2.2% from last year. Operating income was flat JPY221.3 billion from last
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	economic conditions in Honda's principal markets; and foreign exchange rates between the Japanese yen and US dollar, the euro, and other major currencies; as well as other factors detailed from time to time.The various factors for increases and decreases in income have been classified in accordance with the method that Honda considers reasonable.Financial summary. We would now like to review the financial summary for the fiscal second quarter, which ended on September 30. Please refer to slide 3.Operating income for the second quarter was JPY171.4 billion; a 70% increase compared to the same period last year. A number of factors contributed to this boost in earnings, including higher automobile sales in North America; a rise in motorcycle sales in Asia, due largely to the positive impact of new model introductions in India and Indonesia; as well as positive currency effects due to a weaker yen.Please turn to the next slide. With respect to Honda Group unit sales, motorcycle operations realized higher sales, mainly in Asia, resulting in a total of 4,216,000 units, or a 10.8% increase compared to the same period last year.Within automobile operations, stable market conditions in North America as well, as buoyant sales of mini vehicles in
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	New York office. Good morning. Thank you for joining Honda's Investor Relations call. Honda just announced, in Tokyo, its third quarter earning results and this time, through this conference call we like to elaborate the detail of this financial result. And, as usual, we have a couple of speakers joining from Tokyo and the U.K., and the U.S. as well.I'd like to introduce all of them. First of all, Mr. Ike.FUMIHIKO IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO. LIMITED: Hello everyone, good morning, and good afternoon.TETSUA OSHIMA: Yes, Mr. Ike is the CFO of the Honda Motor Corporation. And Mr. Endo -- Endo-SanMR. ENDO, GENERAL MANAGER, HONDA JAPAN FINANCE DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LIMITED: Good morning, and good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for this meeting.TETSUA OSHIMA: So Mr. Endo is the General Manager of the Honda Japan Financial division. And [Kitamura-San]?MR. KITAMURA, MANAGER, HONDA FINANCIAL DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LIMITED: Hi, how are you, good morning, and good afternoon.TETSUA OSHIMA: [Kitamura-San] is the Manager of the Honda for Japan Financial division as well. And Mr. [Sugiama-San]?MR. SUGIAMA, ASSISTANT MANAGER, HONDA FINANCIAL DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LIMITED: Hi, how is everyone?TETSUA OSHIMA: And Mr. Sugiama is the First Assistant Manager of the Honda
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	the call over to your host, Mr. Oshima. Sir, you may begin your conference.&nbsp;HIROSHI OSHIMA, OPERATING OFFICER, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Hi, this is Oshima from the Honda New York office. Thank you for joining Honda's investor relation call. At this time we'd like to discuss about the Honda's day fiscal '07 March -- ended March fourth quarter result. As usual we have a couple of speakers from U.S. and Japan and U.K. as well. So I'd like to introduce to all of them. First, Ike San.FUMIHIKO IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Hi everyone.HIROSHI OSHIMA: Yes, Mr. Ike is the CFO of Honda Japan. And Mr. Kitamura San.MR. KITAMURA, MANAGER, HONDA FINANCIAL DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD: Hi.HIROSHI OSHIMA: Mr. Kitamura is the General Manager of the Honda Finance Division. And Sugiama San.MR. SUGIAMA, ASSISTANT MANAGER, HONDA FINANCIAL DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO LTD: Hi, hello everyone.HIROSHI OSHIMA: Hi. Mr. Sugiama is Manager of the Honda Finance Division. And [Don] San.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Good morning.HIROSHI OSHIMA: Hi [Don] San. Thank you for joining us. Mr. [Inaudible] is the President of the research firm [Lafirm] and Associates in Ohio. And he's a guest analyst. And we have Okomoto San.MRS. OKOMOTO, HONDA
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	FY08 first quarter results in Tokyo. And we'd like to discuss about the earnings results through this conference. And, again, as usual, we have the speakers from Tokyo and London and the equivalent in Ohio. I'd like to introduce all of them. First, Mr. Ike, the CFO from Honda Japan. Ike-san?FUMIHIKO IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hi. Good morning everyone.TETSUA OSHIMA: And we also have Mr. [Takeo], the General Manager of the Honda Finance Division in Tokyo. Takeo-san?MR. TAKEO, GENERAL MANAGER OF HONDA FINANCE DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hi. Good morning everybody.TETSUA OSHIMA: Hi. Thank you for joining. And [Kitamura]-san as usual from Honda Japan. Kitamura-san?MR. KITAMURA, HONDA JAPAN, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Morning. Hello everybody.TETSUA OSHIMA: And [Sugiama]-san as well.MR. SUGIAMA, ASSISTANT MANAGER, HONDA JAPAN FINANCE DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hi. Hello everyone.TETSUA OSHIMA: Okay. Mr. Sugiama is the Assistant Manager of the Honda Japan Finance Division. And [Okomoto]-san from the U.K. Okomoto-san?MS. OKOMOTO, GENERAL MANAGER, HONDA MOTOR EUROPE PR DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Yes. Good morning. Good afternoon.TETSUA OSHIMA: Thank you for joining. Ms. Okomoto is the General Manager of the Honda Motor Europe PR Division and always helping us in investor relation activities
Honda Motor Co. Ltd.	just announced its consolidated financial results for second quarter which ended September 30, 2007, and forecasts for the year ending March 2008. And in this conference call we will discuss about the contents of the results and new guidance for the entire fiscal year. And later on we will invite questions from the participants.And I would like to introduce today's speakers from Japan. First, Honda Motor's CFO, Ike San.FUMIHIKO IKE, CFO, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello, good morning, everyone.TAKU GITAMORA: And General Manager of Finance division, Mr. [Take San]TAKE SAN, GENERAL MANAGER OF FINANCE DIVISION, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello. Good morning, everybody.TAKU GITAMORA: And the Honda IR division, Mr. Oshima. Oshima San.MR. OSHIMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello there. How are you? Thanks for joining the conference everyone.TAKU GITAMORA: And, also from Honda, Honda Motor IR, Mr. Sugiama. Sugiama San.MR. SUGIAMA, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Hello everyone.TAKU GITAMORA: And also a new speaker this time from also Honda IR, [Mr. Okumichi]. Okumichi San.MR. OKUMICHI, IR, HONDA MOTOR CO. LTD.: Good morning, everyone.TAKU GITAMORA: And, also from Honda Motor Europe, [Mrs. Okamoto]. Okamoto San.UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: She is coming back soon.TAKU GITAMORA: Okay. I will wait. And also
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	President and Chief Executive Officer, Patrick Byrne, Chief Financial Officer, Lanny Michael, and joining us on the phone is Mike Wills, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Service.In a moment, Lanny will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance and then Pat will discuss the key trends and highlights of our business. Subsequent to those discussions, we will begin our question and answer period.Now let me quickly cover our safe harbor statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision of these forward-looking statements.For a more detailed description of the risk factors that may
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	see them today. Those elements can change. We would ask you interpret them in that light. This morning, we will review our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2008 as well as our expectations for the first quarter of 2009. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll call the turn over-- I'll turn the call over to Dave.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to report a quarter of good results despite a challenging economic environment, closing out what was a great year of performance for Honeywell. Our results in 2008 reinforce the great positions we have in good industries. The investments we have made in process improvements through our five initiatives, the talent and depth of our Management team, and of course the power of one Honeywell. Dave will take us through the details of the quarter in a moment.Let me say I'm extremely proud of this Honeywell team delivering EPS growth of 7% on a 6% sales decline and free cash flow conversion of 155%, despite some unprecedented economic headwinds. Our well diversified and balanced portfolio is really helping drive overall
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Mike Wills, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Service.In a moment, Pat will discuss our key trends and highlights; Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance; and then subsequent to those discussions we will begin our question-and-answer period.Now let me quickly cover our Safe Harbor statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinion only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.For a more detailed description of these risk factors that may affect our results, please refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	interpret them in that way.This morning we'll review our financial results for the first quarter, our expectations for the remainder of the year and of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, we were expecting a very tough economic environment and that's certainly what we saw. Even in that tougher environment, though, we were able to deliver results consistent with our guidance.With sales at $7.6 billion at the lower end of our guidance, we were able to deliver earnings per share of $0.54, including more than $40 million or $0.04 of earnings for additional repositioning actions. Additionally, $232 million of free cash flow. We were able to deliver primarily because of the strong cost actions that we initiated over the last 18 months. All that being said, some of our end markets, notably commercial aerospace and the transportation industry were tougher that we anticipated. And while it pains me significantly to do this, we are reducing our EPS outlook for the year to $2.85 to $3.20.It pains me because over the last six years, we had established a strong track
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	our question-and-answer period.Now let me quickly cover our safe harbor statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of those statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to, Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release those results of any revision to those forward-looking statements. In addition, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures. These should be considered, in addition to and not in lieu of, comparable GAAP financial measures. Please refer to today's earnings release which shows our reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP net earnings.For a more detailed description of our risk factors that may affect our results, please refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. These elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We do identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our business performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning we will review our financial results for the second quarter and share with you our outlook for the third quarter and full year, and of course, leave time for your questions.So with that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. As I am sure you have seen by now, Honeywell had a good second quarter, capping off a strong first half which puts us well on our way to achieving the full-year guidance that we set back in December.Normalizing for tax, EPS was $1.22, up 8% year-over-year on an adjusted basis and in line with our guidance of $1.18 to $1.23. Sales of $9.7 billion were near the high end of guidance and if you exclude Defense, where the headwinds are well known and as we expected them, we
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	by 13%. In fact, you'd have to say the whole year was good for Honeywell. We achieved strong financial performance during the year, we had 8% sales growth to 27.7 billion, over 400 million of segment profit growth, and 70 basis points of margin expansion. Earnings were up 30% on our reported basis to $1.94 per share, and you'd recognize that as $2.12 per share before the tax charge related to the over $2.7 billion of cash that we repatriated during the year. We also had $1.8 billion of free cash flow, and that converted at over 100% of net income again.In addition to this great financial performance we made excellent progress in positioning the Company for future growth. We were successful in reshaping the growth profile for ACS by adding Novar, Zellweger, and several smaller key bolt-on acquisitions. We've been able to transform Specialty Materials from a bleeding $3.5 billion business to a vibrant, growing $4.5 billion business. The noncore Specialty Materials divestitures were completed in 2005. The resins and chemicals business, what you would formally know as nylon, was significantly transformed, and we added UOP which promises to me just a great acquisition. We completed the Aerospace realignment
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	results to differ materially is contained from time-to-time in the Company's press releases and in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2004, and other reports filed from time-to-time with the SEC. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.I'd now like to turn the call over to Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and CEO. Larry?LARRY BRADY, CHAIRMAN & CEO, INTERMEC INC.: Thank you, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. In the fourth quarter of 2005, Intermec recorded sales of $242 million and earnings per share of $0.19. Both of these figures were within our forecasted range; sales in the upper end and earnings in the lower end of the range.However, the decline in anticipated margins was partially offset by a favorable tax rate and at our expected tax rate of 35%, we would have missed our estimate range. We will explore this topic in detail later in the presentation.Sales for the quarter were up approximately 2% versus the prior year quarter, and about 10% sequentially versus the third quarter of 2005. For the full year, sales
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	return over the presentation to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL: Thanks, Nick and good morning, everybody. Things sure do feel good. Honeywell is off to a great start in 2006 with better than anticipated performance in this first quarter. Sales were up 12% to over $7.2 billion with 23% segment profit growth. That segment profit growth translated to over a full point of market expansion.EPS was up $0.10 to $0.52. That is a 24% increase versus last year and $0.03 over the high end of our previous guidance. Our businesses are executing very well as we start this year and we expect that that momentum will continue.Commercial aerospace sales were up 10% in the quarter and we announced the A350 APU win, as well as the FAA's certification for the 737 nitrogen generating system. In ACS, our products businesses again grew very nicely with continued strength in life safety and security.Transportation systems is performing to plan and European market conditions have stabilized for our turbo technologies business. We also won several new platforms in the quarter that will support our growth in the future. Specialty materials had a terrific start to the year with growth in each
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	is also important to note that such -- that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ maturely is contained in the Company's press releases and in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2005, and other reports filed from time to time with the SEC. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and CEO. Larry?LARRY BRADY, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO, INTERMEC, INC.: Thank you, Kevin. Our first-quarter performance, as indicated in our press release, indicates revenues of $227 million and earnings from continuing operations of $0.23 per share. On the surface, these are strong results for the first quarter. However, when we take into consideration several events of the quarter, our operating result is below expectations. In order to focus the later discussion on operating results, we will first discuss these individual events.In March, we announced a final settlement with Hewlett-Packard concerning
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	22% segment profit growth translated to over a full point of margin expansion. Earnings were up $0.27 to $0.63 a share, beating the high end of our previous earnings guidance for the quarter. On a reported basis, EPS was up 75%.After taking into account the tax charge for cash repatriation and the income from discontinued OPS last year as well as the stock option expensing we have this year, EPS was up 27% versus 2005, a clearly substantial number. Free cash flow for the quarter was also robust coming in at $786 million, that's $903 million year-to-date. We've actually achieved about 40% of our full year free cash flow target as of the end of the first half and that's versus 34% last year.In the businesses we had especially strong performance of automation control solutions and specialty materials. Aerospace commercial and defense sales were up 1% and 4% respectively in the quarter and space sales were down 12% primarily because of delays in project funding. Dave will take you through all of the details in a few minutes but I generally characterize them as timing issues that don't change our strong outlook for aerospace for the year. Going forward trends
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Litigation Reform Act of 1995.&nbsp;It's also important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's press releases and in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to, the company's annual report on Form 10K for the year ending December 31, 2005, and other reports filed from time to time with the SEC. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the company or the SEC. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and CEO.LARRY BRADY, CHAIRMAN/CEO, INTERMEC INC.: Thank you Kevin, and good afternoon everyone. Earlier today we released results for our fiscal second quarter which included sales of $231 million, and earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.18. Revenue for the quarter was in the upper end of our guidance of $223 million to $233 million. And EPS was well beyond the forecasted guidance of $0.07 to $0.11.In considering these results, two material impacts should be understood. Results for the 2006 second
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Honeywell. Sales were up 15% to $8 billion, and that included 9% organic growth. That translated to a 22% increase in reported EPS, $0.66 a share. And I think you will recognize that is about $0.02 over the high end of our previous earnings guidance for the quarter. And after taking into account income from discontinued operations which were in last year, and stock option expensing which is in this year and not last year, that EPS increase is more like 36% on an operating basis. That is not too shabby at all.On top of that free cash flow for the quarter came in at $634 million, and that gives us over $1.5 billion year-to-date.In the businesses we saw continued great performance. Aerospace sales were up 9% in the quarter with 11% growth in Commercial and 6% in Defense and Space. Commercial OE sales were up 17% and the aftermarket was strong. Space recovered very nicely from a slower first-half.During the quarter we also just won some great new business jet programs, and we have just an excellent position on the Orion Manned spacecraft. And I think you recognize how important that program will be for the next 20 or
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	statements. Additional information about the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially can be found in today's Press Release and in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including but not limited to our annual report on Form 10K and quarterly reports on Form 10Q. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC. With that I'd now like to turn the call over to Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and CEO. Larry?LARRY BRADY, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, INTERMEC, INC.: Good afternoon everyone. Today we reported results for Intermec for the third quarter. Sales of $196 million were within the revised range that we provided earlier this month but 11% below the third quarter of 2005, EPS from continuing operations of $0.05 compared with $0.18 in the prior year quarter. Our GAAP results include several items of significance. A restructuring charge relating to the closure of our design centers in Sweden announced in the first quarter was $1.8 million or $0.02 per share. The Company benefited from a curtailment gain in the quarter of $2.1 million or $0.02 per share associated with changes to our U.S. defined benefits plan. While this gain is
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	the presentation to Dave Cote. Dave.DAVID COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL, INC.: Thanks, Nick.Well, as we'd say up in New Hampshire, it was a wicked good quarter. Performance was ahead of prior guidance with EPS at $0.54 before the tax repatriation charge, sales grew 10%, and we expanded margins 60 basis points.We have an even more favorable outlook for the second half and that includes raising our EPS guidance for the year by $0.10. You saw us taking steps to enhance the future performance of the Company.We had strong cash flow and we were able to announce the repatriation of $2.7 billion in cash. I mean what's not to like in that series of comments?Setting aside the $0.18 tax charge to repatriate that 2.7 billion of foreign earnings, EPS exceeded the high end of our prior guidance by $0.03, sales were up 10% to 7 billion. And as I mentioned, segment margin expanded by 60 basis points and that was to 12.1%.Ex that tax charge EPS was up 29% from last year. And we continue to see favorable business conditions for the second half of 2005.The result of that, we're increasing our sales guidance by $400 million, our EPS guidance
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	as I'm sure you've already seen was another great one for us at Honeywell. The result, an 8% sales growth, a full point of margin expansion, free cash flow conversion at over 100% of income, and earnings up 28% to $0.55 per share. And in addition to this great financial performance we've also made great progress in positioning the Company for future growth. You saw that we agreed to acquire the remaining 50% interest in our UOP joint venture, and we agreed to divest our noncore U.S. nylon carpet fiber operation. Both of these transactions are expected to close in the fourth quarter and that will substantially complete the transformation of our Specialty Materials portfolio.We also announced the sale of one of the two Novar noncore businesses, the Indalex Aluminum Solutions. That was in line with our expectations and the commitments we made to our shareowners. So on the deal front things feel pretty good with the changes we've been able to make. We also took the opportunity this quarter to repurchase 15 million shares of stock during the quarter, and we executed on a significant portion of the cash repatriation that we announced in the second quarter. So we
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	morning we will review our financial results for the second quarter, as well as our expectations for the second half and the third quarter of 2010. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Elena, good morning everyone. We have a great start to 2010 with better than expected improvement in many of our end markets, with revenues ahead of expectations and good execution across our businesses. Sales were $8.2 billion, up 8%, and that's reported and organic, with continued growth in new products, geographic expansion, and overall improving conditions.We generated earnings per share of $0.60 on an operating basis, that is excluding pension. Our earnings were up 24% in the quarter. Our segment margin rate was 13.6%, up 130 basis points from prior year, reflecting margin expansion in three out of our four businesses. This really reinforces the quality of our earnings performance and continued cost discipline while maintaining our growth investments for the future. Further reflecting that earnings quality, we generated just under $1 billion of free cash flow, representing over 200% free cash flow conversion.Given the strength of our first
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning we will review our financial results for the third quarter and our expectations for the remainder of the year, as well as share with you a preliminary framework for 2011. And of course, we will allow time for your questions at the end.With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. It's great to report another terrific quarter for Honeywell with revenues, earnings and cash ahead of expectations and great execution across our businesses. Sales were $8.4 billion, up 9% reported and organic. Great sales growth, with continued growth in new products, geographic expansion and continued momentum across our businesses. We generated EPS of $0.64 including covering $0.06 of higher tax rate year-over-year, $0.03 of Sperian dilution and $0.18 pension expense in the quarter. On an adjusted basis, that is, excluding those items, our operating earnings were $0.91, up about 10% in the quarter. Our segment margin rate was
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	our quarterly overview, and Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and discuss fourth quarter guidance. Subsequent to those discussions, we will begin our question and answer period.Today's discussions will include predictions, estimates, and other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking including, but not limited to, Intermec's expected financial performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans along with additional examples that were set forth in today's earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements only reflect our opinions as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.In addition, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we also refer to as adjusted items. These items should be considered in addition to, and in not lieu of comparable GAAP financial measures. Please refer to today's earnings release, which contains and illustrates our reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP items. If warranted, a more detailed
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning we'll cover our third quarter performance outlook for fourth quarter and full year 2004, and allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the presentation over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL, INC.: Thanks, Nick.Well, we had another very nice quarter and delivered revenue and EPS at the high end of the guidance we had given. Sales were up 11% in total and nine points of that was what we would call constant currency organic growth, so X the impact of FX.Segment profit on that was up 20% year-over-year, and on top of that we generated 525 million of free cash flow, and that's at a conversion rate of about 140% of net income.Looking at some of the businesses, Commercial Aerospace continues to be strong with a 17% increase in sales. I think what makes that noteworthy is, this on top of a 6% increase in the first quarter, and a 14% increase in the second quarter where we had relatively easy comps because of size last year. And global flying hours, in a nice trend for the industry, were up
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we will update you on the fourth quarter and on full year 2004 results as well as the outlook for 2005 and allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the presentation over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INT'L INC: Thanks, Nick. I'd have to say we had a good fourth quarter and we had a good year. And overall that's how things feel right now. All in all things just feel good. The economy is doing well, our businesses are performing well, and you saw that in 2004 with the results that we've displayed and in '05 the increase in guidance. It just feels good right now. I'll be taking you through a kind of an overview and then we'll turn it over to Dave and he's got further details that support what we're saying. If we take a look at the fourth quarter, sales were up across all our businesses, that's both the quarter and the year. In fact, you'll see the majority of that reported growth is organic, driven by those better end markets that we
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Nick.Well, things feel pretty darn good right now and I'm really excited about how we started 2005. We had better than expected first quarter operating performance with our sales being up 4% and our segment profit up 15%.Now organic sales were actually up 6% and that was offset some by the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. And earnings per share at $0.42 was up 24% from last year.The strength we saw in commercial aerospace in 2004 has continued, and we continue to see those increases in global flying hours and commercial air transport deliveries which helped to drive it.When it comes to raw material costs you know that's still been an issue driven by high crude oil, steel, and other metals. And we have been successful this year in more than offsetting this hurt with proactive pricing strategies and continued just good productivity actions across the businesses.At the end of the quarter we completed the Novar transaction originally announced late in '04. This is an exciting opportunity for Honeywell and for the ACS business, and our integration of the intelligent Building Solutions business is well underway and we're
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Note that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We also identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning, we will review our financial results for the first quarter of 2012, as well as share with you our outlook for the second quarter and updated full-year 2012. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: What a wonderful start to 2012. We had better-than-expected performance across a number of our different businesses, driving EPS above the top end of our guidance range. It is great to start with such a nice burst of cabbage.Sales were strong at $9.3 billion, representing 7% reported growth and that is on top of good growth last year. Organic growth of 6% was also strong. This performance in a more challenging macro environment underscores the value of the diversity of opportunity
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning, we are going to review our financial results for the second quarter of 2012, as well as share with you our guidance for the remainder of the year. And of course, we will allow time for your questions at the end. So with that, I would like to turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL, INC.: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. It is great to be able to say again that Honeywell had another terrific quarter, capping off a strong first half. We had a nice earnings increase on modest sales growth, and it was driven by solid margin expansion.Margins expanded about 150 basis points, or 80 basis points when you exclude the absence of prior-year payments to BGA customers, and that gave us a tailwind this year. That increase in margins, though, reflects our continued focus on driving productivity from our key process initiatives, our conservative planning
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year 2009, as well as our expectations for the first quarter of 2010. And, of course, we'll allow time for your questions. With that, I will turn the call over toDAVE COTE, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report a strong finish to 2009, with another quarter of good results. Despite a continued tough economic environment and it closes out an interesting year, marked by the worst recession in eight years. Our results of 2009 reinforced the significance of our long standing company strategy. Our focus on having great positions in good industries, the continued investments we have made in exciting new products, emerging region expansion and our key profit improvement leverage, our five initiatives, the talent and depth of our management team and the power of one Honeywell.Dave will take us through the details of the quarter in a moment, but let me say I'm extremely proud of this Honeywell team delivering on the financial commitments we set earlier in the year despite worsening and unprecedented economic head winds. We proved we were a company that could be trusted to perform in both the good times
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of those statements we make today, may be considered forward-looking including, but not limited to Intermec's expected performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's earnings release. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. And we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.In addition, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we also refer to as adjusted items. These should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of comparable GAAP financial measures. Please refer to today's earnings release which shows our reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP net earnings. And for a more detailed description of our risk factors that may affect our results, please refer to our filings with the SEC, including our annual form -- our annual report on Form 10-K, and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we will review our financial results for the first quarter, as well as our expectations for the second quarter, and for the remainder of 2010. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Elena. Good morning everyone. We have a great start to 2010 with better than expected improvement in many of our end markets, yielding EPS higher than the guidance provided last month. Sales of $7.8 billion, up 3%, at the high end of our previously guided range, reflecting stabilization across our businesses, selected growth with new products, geographic expansion, and overall improving conditions.We generated earnings per share of $0.50, including covering a $0.02 charge related to the elimination of the Medicare Part D subsidy. And excluding pension expense, on more of an apples-to-apples basis, our earnings were up 21% in the quarter.Our segment margin rate was 13.3%, up 170 basis points from prior year, reflecting margin expansion in three out of four businesses. This really reinforces the quality of our earnings performance and continued strong cost controls
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance. Subsequent to those discussions we will begin our question and answer period.Today's discussions will include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking including, but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans along with additional examples that were set forth in today's earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation to revise or public release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.In addition, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we also refer to as adjusted items. These items should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of comparable GAAP financial measures. Please refer to today's earnings release, which shows our reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP net earnings and net loss. And for a more detailed description of the risk factors that
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance. Subsequent to those discussions we will begin our question and answer period.Today's discussions will include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking including, but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans along with additional examples that were set forth in today's earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation to revise or public release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.In addition, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we also refer to as adjusted items. These items should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of comparable GAAP financial measures. Please refer to today's earnings release, which shows our reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP net earnings and net loss. And for a more detailed description of the risk factors that
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	and our Chief Financial Officer, Bob Dreissnack. In just a moment Pat will discuss our quarterly overview and then Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and third-quarter guidance.Subsequent to those discussions we will begin our question and answer period. Today's discussions will include predictions, estimates and other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking including, but not limited to, Intermec's expected financial performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans along with additional examples that were set forth in today's earnings release. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could have caused actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements only reflect our opinions as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.In addition, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures which we will also refer to as adjusted items. These items should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of comparable GAAP financial measures. Please refer to today's earnings release which
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we will review our financial results for the fourth quarter and 2010, as well as share with you our updated guidance for the first quarter and full year 2011. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INTL INC: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. We had a strong finish to 2010, capping just a great year for Honeywell. Our result this year reinforced that our strategy is working. Having great positions in good industries, the Power One Honeywell, our consistent focus on improving every year in each of our five initiatives, it really does make a difference. I'm extremely proud of this team, delivering through the worst recession in 80 years and now delivering in the recovery with record segment margins and free cash flow. We've demonstrated we are a stronger and smarter Company, with a very good start to achieving the five year targets we outlined last February.Sales in the
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to, Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, the confirmation of the pending acquisition of Vocollect, by Intermec, and future financial and operating results of the combined Company along with additional examples that were set forth in today's earning release.Both statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements only reflect our opinion as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release results of any revision to these forward-looking statements. In addition, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we will also refer to as adjusted items. These items should be considered in addition to and not lieu of, compared to GAAP financial measures.Please refer to today's earnings release which contains and illustrates our reconciliation from GAAP to non- GAAP items. A more complete description of what we consider to be forward-looking statements and about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements is contained in our press release and
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Anderson. This call and the webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at www.Honeywell.com/investor.Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning we will review our financial results for the first quarter as well as share with you our expectations for the second quarter and our revised guidance for 2011. And of course allow time for your questions.With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena. As you saw from our press release last night, lots of cabbage this quarter. We had a tremendous start to 2011. We had better-than-expected performance across the portfolio, yielding EPS above the guidance we provided you early last month.Sales of $8.9 billion were up 15% and above the high end of our guidance, reflecting continued improvement in our end markets, growth from new products, and geographic expansion. We generated EPS of $0.88, reflecting an impressive 40% increase over 2010, which was also good, as you
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	implied by our forward-looking statements. We include a more complete description of what we consider to be forward-looking statements in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements made today reflect our opinion as of November 1, 2012 and we undertake no obligation to revise or update them.In addition, in today's call, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures or adjusted items. These items should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP items included in today's earnings release and Form 8-K. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Al Lauer.ALLEN LAUER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, INTERMEC INC: Thank you, Dan. The third quarter was a much improved quarter for Intermec and provides a good foundation for our performance in the future. Our focus has been on sequential quarterly improvement in profitability and cash flow and we achieved that when compared to the second quarter which marked the beginning of our turnaround.The restructuring steps taken late in the second quarter lowered our break-even point and led to a much improved performance in Q3 in adjusted gross margins, operating profits,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We also identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning, we will review our financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year 2012, as well as share with you our guidance for the first quarter and full-year 2013. And, finally, we will leave time for your questions.With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. As you can see, Honeywell delivered another excellent quarter despite a still-challenging macro environment. As we said before, our goal is to be known as a Company that outperforms and delivers in both good times and bad, and I think our performance and track record really shows that.We had modest sales growth in the quarter; it was up about 1% on an organic basis. Yet we still continued to drive margin expansion, up 50 basis points to 15.6%, as well as pro forma EPS growth of 9% on an adjusted basis.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.We do identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning we will review our financial results for the first quarter; share with you our outlook for the second quarter and the remainder of the year; and, finally, we'll leave time for your questions.So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. A very good start to 2013. EPS in the quarter was $1.16, and that's normalizing for tax. That came in $0.01 above the high end of our guidance range, and up 12% driven by the strong margin performance across the businesses. And we accomplished this in a slow-growth macro environment that was really coupled with some particularly challenging prior-year comps. And I think it's a nice reinforcement of our conservative sales planning process and the results you can get from that.Sales of $9.3 billion were in line with guidance. And like we talked about during Investor Day, it
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	of Global Sales and Service.As usual, we will begin with some prepared remarks, and then subsequent to that we will take questions from the participants on the call.Now, let me quickly cover the Safe Harbor statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plan, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.For a more detailed description of the risk factors that may affect our results, please refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies can be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website.With that,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	earnings release.These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.For a more detailed description of the risk factors that may affect our results, please refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies can be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website.With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Pat.PATRICK BYRNE, PRESIDENT AND CEO, INTERMEC, INC.: Thanks very much, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining Lanny and I on the call today is Mike Wills, our Senior VP of Global Sales and Service. Mike will be available for the question and answer section of the call.As we've outlined in the previous conference calls, our objectives are to accelerate growth and improve profitability toward the target business model of double-digit revenue growth and operating profit. In Q2 we made progress in our strategy, especially in the
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	financial results for the third quarter, our expectations for the remainder of the year and some initial color on 2009 and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, despite tougher economic conditions I'm pleased to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell. We continue to build on our multi-year track record of delivering consistent performance with organic sales growth in the quarter again supporting double digit earnings growth. Over the past five years we've consistently outperformed in earnings growth and we're confident we can continue to outperform despite a moderating top line environment. With 20% EPS growth this quarter on a 6% sales increase, we've added to that track record. Importantly the quality of our earnings remains high with year-to-date cash flow conversion just below our annual target of 100% of net income.Our long cycle businesses as well as those lines of macro trends like oil and gas, energy efficiency, defense and space and life safety continue to perform well. This strength more than offsets continued softness in our residential and industrial sensing end markets, as well as
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	We continue to build on our multi-year track record of delivering consistent performance with organic sales growth in the quarter again supporting double digit earnings growth. Over the past five years we've consistently outperformed in earnings growth and we're confident we can continue to outperform despite a moderating top line environment. With 20% EPS growth this quarter on a 6% sales increase, we've added to that track record. Importantly the quality of our earnings remains high with year-to-date cash flow conversion just below our annual target of 100% of net income.Our long cycle businesses as well as those lines of macro trends like oil and gas, energy efficiency, defense and space and life safety continue to perform well. This strength more than offsets continued softness in our residential and industrial sensing end markets, as well as global flight hours where growth is decelerating as anticipated. We are actively monitoring short cycle trends and are taking proactive cost actions including utilizing the $417 million after-tax gain from the sale of our Consumables Solutions business to reposition our Company for continued outperformance.We believe we'll continue to outperform for several reasons. As a Company, Honeywell is well positioned to perform in this environment.
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	way. This morning we'll review our financial results for the second quarter and our expectations for the remainder of the year and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. We're executing very well. Unfortunately it's in a very tough economic environment. With sales of $7.6 billion we were able to generate earnings per share of $0.60 and that includes $66 million or $0.06 in earnings of additional repositioning actions. We also generated over $1 billion of free cash flow which really reinforces the quality of our earnings performance this quarter.While the top line environment continues to be very challenging especially in business, jets, and turbos, we're able to deliver these results because of the strong cost actions and controls that we have in place throughout Honeywell. These actions and controls as well as our conservative planning, particularly around the way we plan our costs, and helping us to offset what we anticipate to be continued challenging end market conditions throughout the balance of the year. So despite this weak top line environment, we still expect to deliver our full year
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	discuss our quarterly overview and Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance. Subsequent to those discussions, we will begin our question and answer period.Now, let me quickly cover our Safe Harbor Statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's earnings release. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to those forward-looking statements.In addition, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we also refer to as adjusted items. These should be considered in addition to and not in lieu of comparable GAAP financial measures. Please refer to today's earnings release which shows our reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP net earnings. And
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	that light. This morning we will review our financial results for the third quarter and our expectations for the remainder of the year, and of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Elena, good morning everyone. I'm pleased to report a quarter better than expected results and that's despite a continued tough economic environment. With sales of $7.7 billion, we were able to generate earnings per share of $0.80, and that includes covering $35 million or $0.03 in EPS of additional repositioning actions. We also had a $0.04 positive impact from lower than expected tax expense, and we anticipate that that third quarter tax benefit will be offset by a higher income tax rate in the fourth quarter.While the top line environment continues to be challenging, we're able to deliver these results because of the strong growth initiatives and aggressive cost actions we have in place throughout Honeywell and that's evidenced by our ability to preserve and grow margins in this environment. Segment margins were 13.8% in the quarter, up 130 basis points from the prior year. And are 12.6% on a year-to-date basis, down only
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	overview and Bob will provide a summary of our operating performance and guidance. Subsequent to those discussions, we will begin our question-and-answer period.Now let me quickly cover our Safe Harbor Statement. Today's discussions may include predictions, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Some of the statements we make today may be considered forward-looking, including but not limited to Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as Intermec's strategic and operational plans, along with additional examples that are set forth in today's earnings release. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.In addition, we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we refer to as adjusted items. These should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, comparable GAAP financial measures. Please refer to today's earnings release which shows our reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP net earnings.And for a more detailed description of our
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we view them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning we will review our financial results for the second quarter as well as share with you our expectations for the third quarter and the remainder of the year and, of course, allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena; good morning, everyone. As you saw from our press release, we had another outstanding quarter with better-than-expected performance reflecting terrific execution and continued momentum in our key end markets yielding EPS above the high end of the range. While there's some accounting geography complexity because of how we are required to account for discontinued ops and launch payments, and Dave will take you through all that, the overall results certainly speak for themselves with sales up 15%, EPS up 40% and guidance again raised for the year.Now before we get into the financials, I'm pleased to report on the progress that we've made
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.This morning, we will review our financial results for the third quarter, share with you our expectations for the fourth quarter and remainder of 2011, as well as discuss a framework for 2012, and of course, allow time for your questions.With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. You might imagine we're pretty anxious to talk to you about how we did, because there's a lot of cabbage this quarter. As you saw from our press release, we had another great quarter with better-than-expected operational performance reflecting terrific execution, and continued momentum in most of our key end markets. That yielded a EPS above the high end of our range.Now before we get into the financials, we're obviously pleased with the progress we've made in the quarter, our new repositioning actions, smartly redeploying book gains and CPG sales proceeds in the third quarter. Dave will take
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	this presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light.We also identified the [principal] risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning, we will review our financial results for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2011, as well as share with you our updated guidance for the first quarter and full-year 2012. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Elena and good morning, everyone. As you saw from our press release, we had another great quarter marked by terrific execution with continued growth in most of our end markets. And that yielded earnings per share above the high end of the previous range. Our reported sales were $9.5 billion, up 8% reported, or 7% organic, reflecting continued advancement in our new products and the focus on high-growth regions. We ended the year with segment margins of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	session. Today's call will include forward-looking statements. These statements will include, for example, statements about Intermec's expected financial performance, as well as its strategic and operating plans. A number of risks and uncertainties could cause Intermec's actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. We include a more complete description of what we consider to be forward-looking statements in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements made today reflect our opinion as of February 2, 2012 and we undertake no obligation to revise or update them. In addition, in today's call we will describe certain non-GAAP financial measures or adjusted items. These items should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our reconciliation form from GAAP to non-GAAP items included in today's earnings release and our Form 8-K. And with that I'd like to turn the call over to Pat.PATRICK BYRNE, PRESIDENT, CEO, INTERMEC INC: Thank you, Dan. In Q4, Intermec delivered revenue of $237 million, an increase of 18% compared to the same quarter last year. Adjusted operating income, excluding infrequent non-cash charges and items related to our
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	by, our forward-looking statements. We include a more complete description of what we consider to be forward-looking statements in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements made today reflect our opinion as of August 2, 2012, and we undertake no obligation to revise or update them. In addition, in today's call we'll describe certain non-GAAP financial measures or adjusted items. These items should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our reconciliations from GAAP to non-GAAP items included in today's earnings release and Form 8-K. With that, I'd like to now turn it over to Al Lauer.ALLEN LAUER, CHAIRMAN AND INTERIM CEO, INTERMEC INC: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everybody. In Q2 Intermec delivered sequential improvement over Q1. As you have probably noticed, there are substantial differences between our GAAP and non-GAAP reporting. The non-GAAP numbers do not include goodwill impairment, intangible amortization, executive severance, and restructuring charges. I will comment today on the adjusted non-GAAP results, as I think the non-GAAP numbers highlight the Q2 operating improvements accomplished in a relatively short time. Following my comments, Bob Driessnack will comment on the relevant GAAP numbers.I'm
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We identify the principle risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings.This morning we will review our financial results for the third quarter 2012, share with you our outlook for the remainder of the year and provide a framework for a how we are thinking about 2013. And finally, we will leave time for your questions. With that I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN & CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC.: Thanks, Elena; good morning, everyone. As you have seen from our press release this morning, we delivered another strong quarter as driven by the strength of our balanced portfolio mix, we have a relentless focus on new products and geographic expansion and, of course, our disciplined cost controls.In a more challenging economic environment our margins expanded 110 basis points to 15.8% on 2% organic sales growth. We delivered strong earnings growth and margin expansion while continuing our investments, our seed planting for the future, despite a deceleration of growth across a number of
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	2007 as well as our expectations for the first quarter of 2008. And of course, allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray, and good morning, everyone. Well, it's another very nice day to be an investor or employee of Honeywell. We have had another quarter of strong results closing out what's been just a terrific year of performance for us. Our results in 2007 reinforce three or four important themes for us as a Company, that's great positions we have in good industries, the progress we're making on process improvement through our five initiatives, the talent and depth of our management team and the power of One Honeywell. Dave will take us through the details of the quarter in a moment but let me say the momentum we're carrying into 2008 with our fourth quarter sales growth of 12%, earnings per share growth of 26%, and free cash flow generation of $1.1 billion gives us great confidence in our outlook for the first quarter and the year despite an expected tougher economic environment.Our well diversified and balanced portfolio is really helping to drive the overall
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Chief Financial Officer; and Mike Wills, Senior Vice President of Global Sales.Before we begin our prepared remarks, I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course of this conference call that express the Company's or management's intensions, hopes, beliefs, expectations, forecasts or predictions for the future constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company's outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2008 and future periods as well as other examples described in today's Forward-Looking Statement paragraph contained within our earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statement. These include, for example, the risks and certainties described more fully in the Company's fillings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	and future periods as well as other examples described in today's Forward-Looking Statement paragraph contained within our earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statement. These include, for example, the risks and certainties described more fully in the Company's fillings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer. Pat?PATRICK BYRNE, PRESIDENT AND CEO, INTERMEC, INC.: Thanks, Kevin, and good afternoon everyone. Mike Wills, our Senior Vice President of Global Sales and Services joined us on the phone call today. Mike will discuss our revenue profile and demand picture, new product sales, service business improvement outline and progress on our channel strategy. In addition, we just concluded our Annual Partner and Customer Conference in Orlando, Florida
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, it is wonderful to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell. Sales were up 11% to $8.9 billion with organic growth across all regions. Segment profit grew 16% to approximately $1.2 billion and margins increased 60 basis points to 14% and net income grew 22%. That solid profit growth combined with lower share count for the quarter results in a 30% increase in EPS to $0.85 a share. As you probably recognize this is $0.02 above the high end of of our previous earnings guidance and it includes over $100 million of repositioning actions in the quarter. That repositioning will help us some in 2008 and more fully in 2009. Free cash flow for the quarter came in at $571 million which is up 25% for the quarter and more than $100 million over the prior year. So we're really pleased with our first quarter performance and remain confident that our outlook for the year despite that tougher economic environment.We're raising our sales guidance and we're tightening our full year EPS guidance to the high end of our previously stated range. We now expect EPS to be in the
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we'll review our financial results for the first quarter and expectations for the remainder of the year and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, it is wonderful to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell. Sales were up 11% to $8.9 billion with organic growth across all regions. Segment profit grew 16% to approximately $1.2 billion and margins increased 60 basis points to 14% and net income grew 22%. That solid profit growth combined with lower share count for the quarter results in a 30% increase in EPS to $0.85 a share. As you probably recognize this is $0.02 above the high end of of our previous earnings guidance and it includes over $100 million of repositioning actions in the quarter. That repositioning will help us some in 2008 and more fully in 2009. Free cash flow for the quarter came in at $571 million which is up 25% for
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	the Company's outlook for the second quarter of fiscal year 2008 and future periods, as well as other examples described in today's forward-looking statement paragraph contained within our earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation.Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statement. These include, for example, the risks and uncertainties described more fully in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K, and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.With that I'd like to turn the call over to Patrick Byrne's, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer. Pat?PATRICK BYRNE, PRESIDENT & CEO, INTERMEC, INC.: Thanks, Kevin, and good afternoon, everyone. Mike Wills, our Senior Vice President of global sales and services, and Ray Cronin, Vice President and general manager of RFID have joined Lanny and I on the call today. Mike will discuss our revenue profile and demand picture, service business improvement status, and
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Joining me on the call this afternoon is Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Office; Lanny Michael, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mike Wills, Senior Vice President of global sales and services, and Ray Cronin, Vice President and general manager of RFID.Before we begin our prepared remarks I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course this conference call that express the Company's or management's intentions, hopes, beliefs, expectations, forecast, or predictions for the future constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company's outlook for the second quarter of fiscal year 2008 and future periods, as well as other examples described in today's forward-looking statement paragraph contained within our earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation.Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statement. These include, for example, the risks and uncertainties described more fully in the Company's filings with
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that way. This morning, we will review our financial results for the second quarter, and expectations for the remainder of the year and of course allow time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. Good morning, everyone. Well, I'm very pleased to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell. Sales were up 13% to $9.7 billion, with growth across all businesses and regions. And that includes constant currency organic growth of 6%. Segment profit grew 13% to approximately $1.3 billion. generating margins in the quarter of 13.2%.Net income growth of 18%. combined with a lower share count for the quarter versus prior year resulted in a 23% increase in EPS to $0.96 a share. This is $0.02 above the high end of our previous earnings guidance, and it includes over $60 million of new repositioning actions of the quarter. This brings our total repositioning spend to over $160 million so far in 2008 and approximately $350 million over the past six quarters. This restructuring really improves our
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	very pleased to report another quarter of strong results for Honeywell. Sales were up 13% to $9.7 billion, with growth across all businesses and regions. And that includes constant currency organic growth of 6%. Segment profit grew 13% to approximately $1.3 billion. generating margins in the quarter of 13.2%.Net income growth of 18%. combined with a lower share count for the quarter versus prior year resulted in a 23% increase in EPS to $0.96 a share. This is $0.02 above the high end of our previous earnings guidance, and it includes over $60 million of new repositioning actions of the quarter. This brings our total repositioning spend to over $160 million so far in 2008 and approximately $350 million over the past six quarters. This restructuring really improves our position to deliver in '09 and '10. Even with these investments, we delivered reported EPS growth of 23% in the second quarter. Free cash flow came in at $853 million, an impressive 118% conversion to net income and year-to-date free cash flow was up 11%. We're very pleased with our second quarter performance and remain confident in our outlook for the year despite a tougher economic environment. We are raising both
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we ask that you interpret them in that light. We identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. This morning, we will review our financial results for the third quarter, share with you our outlook for the fourth, and provide an initial framework for 2014, and finally, we'll leave time for your questions.So with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone.As I'm sure you've seen by now, we had another good quarter, benefiting from our diverse portfolio, our continued focus on new products and geographic expansion, and our ability to effectively manage in what continues to be an uncertain macro environment. If you normalize for tax, which is expected to be 26.5% on a full-year basis again this year, we delivered another quarter of double-digit EPS growth, with the results coming in at the high end of our guidance range. This was driven in large part by strong sales conversion, with segment margins expanding 90 basis points to 16.7%, higher than we anticipated, reflecting favorable mix,
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	additional views on 2007, including the first quarter. Finally, we'll allow time for your questions.So with that, let me turn over the presentation to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Nick, and good morning, everyone.I'm pleased to report this morning strong financial results in the fourth quarter, a great finish to 2006 for Honeywell, and an increase in 2007 free cash flow guidance. This is all good stuff. Starting with the fourth quarter, sales were up 14% to 8.3 billion, with 9% organic growth and margin expansion in each of our businesses. EPS was $0.72, the high end out of our prior guidance, and free cash flow was up 54% to $941 million, that's a lot of cabbage. 2006 in total was a year of great progress for the Company. Sales were up 13% to 31.4 billion, with 7% organic growth. Segment profit was up 21%, margins were up 80 basis points to 13%, EPS was up 31% to $2.52, and free cash flow of $2.5 billion was up 41% from 2005. You can imagine we're pretty proud of these results.Each of our businesses continued to execute well and finish the year strong. Aerospace continues to expand
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	fiscal year 2007 revenue outlook, and other examples included in the forward-looking statement paragraph in today's earnings release. Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations, or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statement. These include but are not limited to the risks and uncertainties described more fully in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on form 10-Q. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and CEO. Larry?LARRY BRADY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, INTERMEC, INC.: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning, everyone.This morning, we reported results for the fourth quarter and full year 2006. Sales of $219 million, and earnings per share of $0.09 on continuing operations for the fourth quarter were within the range of our earlier guidance. For the full year, revenues totaled approximately $873 million, and earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.55 per share. All of these figures are Generally Accepted
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	with the goodness when you listen to the details of it. First quarter sales were up 11% to $8 billion with 9% organic growth, and what we're seeing is the benefit of our focus on having great positions in good industries. We've been expanding our global presence to over 50% this year as you saw in our February conference. We've got a good balance now of short and long cycle business growth. We're seeing good global non-residential construction trends and we have a favorable foreign exchange so everything is going pretty darn well.Segment profit on that was up 17% to just under $1.1 billion and segment margin was up 70 basis points from last year and that growth in segment profit combined with a lower share count resulted in a 27% increase in earnings to $0.66 a share and that's $0.04 over the high end of our previous earnings guidance for this quarter. In addition to that we generated $458 million of free cash flow in this quarter and that's up a bunch from about 100 last year. Each of our businesses started the year off strongly. Aerospace continued to generate new commercial and defense wins and they had a
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company outlook for the second quarter of fiscal year 2007 and future periods and other examples described in the forward-looking statement paragraph in today's earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations, or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statements. These include, for example, the risks and uncertainties described more fully in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Larry Brady, Intermec's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Larry?LARRY BRADY, CHAIRMAN, CEO, INTERMEC, INC.: Thank you, Kevin.Today, Intermec reported revenue of $179 million for the first quarter of 2007. This was slightly above the revised revenue guidance that we gave on April 9 but at the bottom of the range in our initial guidance during our last conference call.First-quarter revenues down 12%
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	time for your questions. With that I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: All right, thanks, Murray. Well, folks, it's another marvelous quarter from Honeywell. Second quarter sales were up 8% to $8.5 billion with 8% organic growth, and we're continuing to benefit from our global footprint and great positions in good industries. Segment profit was up 10% to just over $1.1 billion and segment margin was up 20 basis points. The growth in segment profit combined with reduced below-the-line expenses resulted in a 17% increase in net income from last year. When you add in the impact of lower share count, EPS was up 24% to $0.78 a share, $0.03 over the high end of our previous earnings guidance for the quarter. And we generated $820 million of free cash flow, which calculates at 134% conversion. And that means year-to-date free cash flow is up 42% from last year.At the business level, Aerospace had another great quarter with continued new commercial and defense wins and strong sales growth across each of its businesses. ACS generated 10% organic growth in the quarter with continued momentum in the businesses and benefit from strong market conditions in
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	I wish to remind investors that statements made in today's release and related statements during the course of this conference call that express the Company's or management's intentions, hopes, indications, beliefs, expectations, forecasts or predictions for the future constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company's outlook for the third quarter of fiscal year 2007 and future periods and other examples described in the forward-looking statement paragraph in today's earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation. Our business is subject to a number of risk factors that could negatively effect our results from business operations, or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statement. These include, for example, the risks and uncertainties described more fully in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including the annual report on Form 10K and quarterly reports on Form 10Q. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.With that, I would like to turn the call over to Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer. Pat?PATRICK
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	and of course allow time for your questions.With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote. Dave?DAVE COTE, CHAIRMAN, CEO, HONEYWELL: Thanks, Murray. And of course good morning, everyone. Well, we got a pile more of good news for you again this quarter. It is kind of nice to be able to deliver these kind of results again.Sales were up 10% to $8.7 billion, and we had strong organic growth, and that is about 9% across all of our businesses. Segment profit grew 13% to about $1.2 billion, with margins increasing again by 50 basis points to 13.4%. And that solid segment profit growth, combined with a lower share count for the quarter, offset of course by the interest expense, translates to a 23% increase in earnings per share to $0.81. And that of course is at the high end of our previous earnings guidance.Importantly, you have heard both Dave and I talk over the years about the importance of cash, and how much attention we give to it. Well, free cash flow for the quarter came in at $736 million, and that is up 16% for the quarter and year-to-date, our cash flow is up over 30%
Honeywell Int'l Inc.	risk factors that could negatively affect our results from business operations or cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or indicated in any forward-looking statements. These include, for example, the risks and uncertainties described more fully in the Company's filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K and correlated reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of these filings may be obtained by contacting the Company or the SEC.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Patrick Byrne, Intermec's President and Chief Executive Officer. Pat.PATRICK J. BYRNE, PRESIDENT AND CEO, INTERMEC, INC.: Thanks, Kevin. And good afternoon, everyone. I've asked Barry Issberner, our VP of Global Marketing, to join us on the call today to answer any questions that may come up about our market results, key wins, new product sales, and RFID momentum.I joined Intermec as the new President and CEO on July 19th. After reviewing our financial performance it is clear to me that the priorities of the Company are accelerating growth and improving gross margins. In our third quarter we made some progress on these two measures of success. Our focus will be making progress every quarter towards a
HP Inc.	statements or to update the reasons actual events or results could differ from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.&nbsp;Please review the section entitled &quot;Risk Factors&quot; in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 12th, 2005, for discussions of important factors that may cause the actual events and results to differ from these forward-looking statements. The terms non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP EPS used in today's discussion exclude certain noncash charges related to stock compensation, as well as noncash charges relating to past acquisitions. Projections also exclude FAS 13-R stock based compensation expense, which cannot be determined at this time. Reconciliations of these items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release and on the investor relations section of our website, at opsware.com. By now you should have received a copy of our press release that was distributed after the market closed today. If you have not, it is available on the investor relations section of our website.In addition, we are currently webcasting this call, and an audio replay will be available on our website following the conclusion of the call. As a reminder, we will be hosting our Analyst Day on March 28th in New York City,
HP Inc.	any forward-looking statements. Please review the section entitled Risk Factors in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 9, 2006 for important factors that may cause actual events and results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.By now you should've received a copy of our press release that was distributed before the market opened today. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition we're currently webcasting this call and an audio replay will be available on our website following the conclusion of the call. The terms non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS used in today's discussion exclude certain non-cash charges related to stock compensation as well as non-cash charges related to acquisitions. Projections also exclude FAS 123(R) stock-based compensation expense which cannot be determined at this time. Reconciliations of these historical items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website at Opsware.com. Now let me turn it over to Ben.BEN HOROWITZ, CEO & PRESIDENT, OPSWARE, INC.: Thanks, Ken. I am pleased to report a strong Q2. As we forecast, we achieved a key financial milestone in our operating model
HP Inc.	that may cause the actual events and result to differ from these forward-looking statements.&nbsp;The term pro forma operating cash flow use in today's discussion excludes payments made in connection with certain liabilities related to our former managed services business. Reconciliations of these items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release and on the investor relations section of our website at opsware.com.By now, you should have receive add copy of our press release, which was distributed after the market closed today. If you have you not, it is available on the investor relations section of our website. In addition, we are currently webcasting this call and an audio replay will be available on our website following the conclusion call.Now let me turn it over to Ben.BENJAMIN HOROWITZ, PRESIDENT AND CEO, OPSWARE, INC.: Thanks, Ken.Today I am pleased to report an outstanding second quarter. Revenue was $8.6 million, up more than 100% from Q2 of last year. We generated operating and cash flow of $1.2 million from the software business. We signed a new $50 million contract with EDS.Our second quarter results indicate the strength of the market and the growing need for IT automation. In July, IDC published its
HP Inc.	the forward-looking statements.&nbsp;Please review our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2005, and our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC for discussions of important factors that may cause the actual events and results to differ from these forward-looking statements.The term &quot;non-GAAP net loss&quot; used in today's discussion will exclude certain non-cash charges related to stock compensation as well as non-cash charges relating to the acquisition of Rendition Networks and Tangram Enterprise Solutions. Reconciliation of these items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website at Opsware.com.By now, you should have received a copy of our press release that was distributed after the market closed today. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, we are currently Webcasting this call and an audio replay will be available on our website following the conclusion of the call.Now, let me turn it over to Ben.BEN HOROWITZ, PRESIDENT AND CEO, OPSWARE, INC.: Thanks, Ken. Today, I am pleased to report a solid second quarter. Q2 revenue was $14.1 million, up more than 60% from Q2 of last year,
HP Inc.	at www.opsware.com. We are currently web casting this call and and audio replay will be available on our website following the conclusion of the call. Now let me turn it over to Ben.BEN HOROWITZ, PRESIDENT AND CEO, OPSWARE: Thanks Ken. Today I am pleased to report a strong third quarter. Q3 revenue was $10.2 million up more than 100% from Q3 last year and above our guidance. Deferred revenue and advances grew to $17.6 million from $15.7 million sequentially. Since our last call, we signed significant new customers, including Federal Express and one of the largest retailers in the U.S. Given this momentum, we are increasing our full revenue -- our full-year revenue guidance to 36.7 million to $37.7 million. This implies that non-EDS revenue will grow to $17 million this year, up almost 500% from last year. Our third quarter results continue to validate the strength of the IT automation market and the growing demand for automation software. This is a market that IDC estimates will be $5 billion by 2008. In addition to significantly lowering operational costs, regulatory compliance requirements such as Sarbanes-Oxley and HIPPA are also driving the demand for Opsware software. We expect these and other
HP Inc.	the actual events and results to differ from these forward-looking statements.&nbsp;By now you should have received a copy of our press release that was distributed after the market closed today. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, we are currently webcasting this call, and an audio replay will be available on our website following the conclusion of the call.Now let me turn it over to Ben.BEN HOROWITZ, PRESIDENT & CEO, OPSWARE: Thanks, Ken. Today I'm pleased to report a strong fourth quarter and successful year. Q4 revenue was $11.6 million, up more than 85 percent from last year and above our previously guided range. Full-year revenue was $37.8 million, up over 100 percent from the previous year and above our initial guidance of $35 to $37 million and at the top end of our most recent guidance.Excluding EDS year-over-year revenue increased five-fold. Q4 cash flow from operations was $1.4 million. Excluding EDS, we are forecasting revenue growth of 80 to 155 percent for the next year, placing our overall revenue guidance at $53 to $66 million.Finally, as we approach the inflection point in the market, we forecast the bookings growth
HP Inc.	10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2005, and our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the SEC for discussions of important factors that may cause the events -- actual events and results to differ from those forward-looking statements.The term &quot;non-GAAP EPS loss&quot; used in today's discussion excludes certain noncash charges related to our acquisition of Rendition Networks. Reconciliations of these items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website at opsware.com. By now, you should have received a copy of the press release which was distributed after the market closed today. If not, it will available at the Investor Relations section of the website. In addition, we are currently webcasting this call and an audio replay will be available on our website following the conclusion of the call.Now let's me turn it over to Ben.BEN HOROWITZ, PRESIDENT, CEO, OPSWARE, INC.: Thanks, Ken. Today I am pleased to report an excellent first quarter. Q1 revenue was $12.6 million, up more than 70% from Q1 of last year, and at the top end of our previously guided range. Non-EDS revenue was up 200% over Q1 of last year.
HP Inc.	and results to differ from these forward-looking statements.The terms non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP EPS used in today's discussion excludes certain noncash charges related to stock compensation as well as noncash charges relating to the acquisition of Rendition Networks and Tangram Enterprise Solutions. Reconciliations of these items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release in the investor relations section of our website at Opsware.com.By now you should have received a copy of our press release, which was distributed after the market closed today. If you have not, it is available on the investor relations section on our web site. We are currently webcasting this call, and an audio replay will be available on our web site following the conclusion of the call.Let me turn it over to Ben.BEN HOROWITZ, PRESIDENT AND CEO, OPSWARE, INC.: Thanks, Ken.Today I am pleased to report a solid third quarter with exceptional bookings. Revenue of $15.3 million was on the high end of our previously guided range. Non-EDS revenue was up almost 100% over Q3 of last year. Derived bookings, which Sharlene will discuss in a moment were up 57% over Q3 of last year. Non-EDS derived bookings, which is the best indicator
HP Inc.	entitled risk factors in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 28th, 2006, for important factors that may cause actual events and results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.By now, you should have received a copy of the press release that was distributed this morning. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, we are currently webcasting this call, and an audio replay will be available on our website for 30 days following the conclusion of the call.The terms non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP profitability, and non-GAAP EPS, and non-GAAP operating margin used in today's discussion, excludes certain non-cash charges related to stock compensation and past acquisitions. Projections also exclude FAS-123R, stock based compensation expense, which cannot be determined at this time. Reconciliation of these historical items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release, and on the Investor Relations section of our website at Opsware.com.Now let me turn it over to Ben.BEN HOROWITZ, PRESIDENT, CEO, OPSWARE, INC.: Thanks, Ken.I am pleased to report a strong Q3. Non-EDS derived bookings were $22.4 million, up 32% sequentially, and almost 60% year-over-year. Total revenue was $25 million at the low
HP Inc.	results may differ materially from these statements. We assume no obligation to update this information provided on the call or to revise any forward-looking statements. Please review the section entitled Risk Factors in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 11, 2006 for important factors that may cause actual events and results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.By now, you should have received a copy of our press release that was distributed this morning. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, we are currently webcasting this call and an audio replay will be available on our website for 30 days following the conclusion of the call.The terms non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP profitability, non-GAAP EPS and non-GAAP operating margin used in today's discussion exclude certain non-cash charges related to stock compensation and past acquisitions. Projections also include FAS 123(R) stock-based compensation expense, which cannot be determined at this time. Reconciliations of these historical items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations section of our website at Opsware.com.Before I turn it over to Ben, I would like to remind you that we
HP Inc.	to revise any forward-looking statements. Please review the section entitled risk factors in our 10-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2007, for important factors that may cause actual events and results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.By now you should have received a copy of our press release that was distributed this morning. If you have not, it is available on the Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, we are currently webcasting this call and an audio replay will be available on our website for 30 days following the conclusion of the call. The terms non-GAAP net loss, non-GAAP EPS, and non-GAAP operating margin used in today's discussion exclude certain non-cash charges related to the stock compensation and past acquisitions. Reconciliations of these historical items to GAAP are provided in our earnings press release and on the Investor Relations sections of our website at Opsware.com. A reconciliation of forward-looking guidance has not been provided because future stock-based compensation expense cannot be determined at this time. With that let me turn it over to Ben.BEN HOROWITZ, CEO, OPSWARE, INC.: Thanks, Ken. Good morning. I'm pleased to report that we're off to a good start for fiscal
International Bus. Machines	be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliations charts at the end, and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations.Now I will turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP, CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you for joining us today. This was a very strong quarter. At the bottom line we delivered $3.28 of earnings per share, up over 17% year-to-year. This was driven by terrific margin performance, with pretax margins up 2.5 points year-to-year.By business, Global Technology Services was up over 4 points, Global Business Services was up 3.6 points to
International Bus. Machines	webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow. Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures.In an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliations charts at the end and a form 8-K submitted to the SEC. Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website or from us in Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP, CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you for joining us today. This quarter we delivered $1.70 of EPS which was up 4% year to year. This positions us well to achieve our objective of at least $9.20 of EPS for the year. We generated $1 billion of free cash flow, up $450 million. We ended the quarter with over
International Bus. Machines	this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations.Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP, CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you for joining us today.This quarter, we improved our revenue growth rate, expanded gross, pretax, and net margins, and delivered earnings per share of $2.82, up 18% year-to-year. This EPS growth was on top of a very strong performance in the third quarter of 2009, which was also up 18%. We achieved all of
International Bus. Machines	received some questions from institutional investors. We plan to post the questions and answers on our Web site for the benefit of all investors. Look for this in a few days under the &quot;Frequently Asked Questions&quot; section of the Investor Web site at IBM.com. We also may address a couple of the most relevant questions in the Q&A at the end of this call.This presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC immediately following this call.Now, please click on the next button and move to Chart Two.Certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filing with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM Web site, or from us in Investor Relations.Please click again on the next button
International Bus. Machines	time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end, and in the form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations.Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you for joining us today. In the first quarter, we reported $24.7 billion in revenue, expanded gross pre-tax and net operating margins, and delivered operating earnings per share of $2.78, which is up 15% year-to-year. And now, 90 days into the year, we're increasing our full-year 2012 expectation for operating EPS to at least $15. This is up $0.15 from our previous view of at
International Bus. Machines	this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking, under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you for joining us today. In the second quarter, we reported $25.8 billion in revenue, expanded gross pretax and net operating margins, delivered operating earnings per share of $3.51, up 14% year to year and generated free cash flow of $3.7 billion, up 9%. So when you look at it, our results demonstrate the strength of IBM's business model, which is designed to
International Bus. Machines	hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations.Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you for joining us today. The fourth quarter capped off a great year for IBM, driven by continued margin expansion, proper growth and cash generation -- all in an uncertain environment.Let me start out by sharing a few financial highlights. In Systems, we had substantial share gains in Power,
International Bus. Machines	website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliations charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations.Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you for joining us today. This quarter, we delivered $1.97 in earnings per share, which was up 16% year to year. Our improving business mix and focus on driving productivity again delivered solid margin and profit performance.We increased pretax margin by a point and both pretax and net income were up 13%.We had great cash performance, increasing free cash flow by $400 million
International Bus. Machines	this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end, and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website or from us in Investor Relations.Now I will turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP, CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you for joining us today. This quarter we continued the trend of improving business performance, increasing constant currency revenue growth, expanding margin, and once again delivering double-digit earnings per share growth. We have now grown EPS in each of the last 30 quarters. And since the beginning of our 2010 roadmap, we have grown EPS at a double-digit rate in 12 of the last
International Bus. Machines	time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with the SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in investor relations.Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP, CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thanks for joining us today. We just completed a great quarter with 7% revenue growth, both as reported and at constant currency; expansion of gross, pretax, and net margins; and earnings per share of $4.18, up 16% year to year.This represents our 32nd consecutive quarter of earnings per share growth, the only Dow component with that record. And we generated $8.7 billion of free cash flow in
International Bus. Machines	remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations.Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP, CFO, FINANCE AND ENTERPRISE TRANSFORMATION, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thanks for joining us today.In the first quarter, we drove 8% revenue growth, expanded gross, pretax, and net margins, and delivered operating earnings per share of $2.41, up 21% year-to-year. With this performance, we are increasing our full-year 2011
International Bus. Machines	posted to our investor relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in investor relations.Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, FINANCE AND ENTERPRISE TRANSFORMATION, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you for joining us today.In the fourth quarter, we improved our year-to-year revenue growth rate, primarily in higher-margin areas, driving significant margin expansion and profit growth. We delivered operating earnings per share of $5.39, which is up 14% year-to-year, and generated $9.5 billion of free cash flow. For the full year, we
International Bus. Machines	our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow. Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, FINANCE AND ENTERPRISE TRANSFORMATION, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thank you for joining us today. In the first quarter, we reported $23.4 billion in revenue, expanded gross pretax and net operating margins, and delivered operating earnings per share of $3, which is up 8% year-to-year. But this quarter certainly didn't close the way it started. We had solid profit performance in January,
International Bus. Machines	replay of this webcast will be posted to our investor relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. In an effort to provide additional information to investors, all non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with the SEC rules. You'll find a reconciliation chart at the end and in the the form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward hooking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC from the IBM website or from us in investor relations.Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP & CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thanks yore about joining us today. Last week we reported our third quarter revenue profit earnings per share and precash flow results. At this time we also reaffirmed our full year guidance. Today I want to take you through the details behind the results.This is a tough environment, but
International Bus. Machines	Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC from the IBM website or from us in investor relations.Now I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP & CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thanks yore about joining us today. Last week we reported our third quarter revenue profit earnings per share and precash flow results. At this time we also reaffirmed our full year guidance. Today I want to take you through the details behind the results.This is a tough environment, but we were ready for it. We were executed a play that we called sometime ago. It has two major elements. First we've been investing to capture opportunities in the emerging markets. You can see the benefit in our results again this quarter with double digit revenue growth and good return. Second, in the more established markets our goal has been to driver productivity. We've been systematically attacking our spending base taking out infrastructure costs, reducing our cost and expense levels and improving our efficiency. Because of these actions we have a
International Bus. Machines	roughly an hour, and a replay of this webcast will be posted to our investor relations Web site by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the S.E.C. Copies are available from the SEC , from the IBM website or from us in Investor Relations.Now I will turn the call over to MarkMARK LOUGHRIDGE, EVP & CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thank you for joining us today. This quarter we delivered $2.32 of earnings per share, up 18% year to year. This is a record level of EPS for first, second, or third quarter, adjusting for stock splits. We generated over $4 billion of cash
International Bus. Machines	time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comment made in this presentation may be characterized as forward looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations. Now I will turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP, CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES: Thank you for joining us today. We just finished another great quarter, driven by strong profit performance in Software and Services and share gains in both hardware and software.This quarter our revenue was up sequentially and our growth rate improved versus second quarter. We expanded gross margin by almost 2 points and pretax margin by over 3 points year-to-year. Our earnings per share is up
International Bus. Machines	investor relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end, and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations.Now, I will turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thanks for joining us today. In the third quarter, we drove 8% revenue growth, expanded gross pre-tax and net operating margins, and delivered operating earnings per share of $3.28, up 15% year to year. We are increasing our full-year 2011 expectation for operating earnings per share to at least $13.35. This is up $0.10 from our previous view of
International Bus. Machines	website by this time tomorrow. Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website or from us in Investor Relations. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: Thank you for joining us today. In the fourth quarter we grew revenue, expanded gross, pretax and net margins and delivered operating earnings per share of $4.71, up 11% year-to-year. For the full year, we delivered revenue of almost $107 billion, which was up 7%, operating pretax income of $21.6 billion, up 9%, and operating EPS of $13.44, up 15%.
International Bus. Machines	our Investor Relations website by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website, or from us in Investor Relations.Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP & CFO, FINANCE AND ENTERPRISE TRANSFORMATION, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: In the third quarter, we reported $24.7 billion in revenue, expanded gross, pre-tax, and net operating margins, and increased operating earnings per share by 10%, to $3.62. For the year, we're maintaining our full year 2012 expectation for operating EPS of at least $15.10. That's up 12% over last year.Looking at our third quarter revenue by
International Bus. Machines	in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.&nbsp;Let me make one other comment about our presentation this quarter. You may notice that the format has changed from past quarters. In addition to the style changes, we've streamlined a few of the charts, and some of the details that were previously on the segment charts are now in the backup. So, the information provided is essentially consistent with the information provided in the past.Finally, I'd remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM Web site, or from us at Investor Relations.Now I will turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thanks for joining us today. Earlier this week we announced record revenue and earnings per share, and today we'll go through the details of our fourth-quarter performance.This turned out to be a great quarter; in fact, the strongest revenue and
International Bus. Machines	certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM Web site, or from us in Investor Relations.Now I will turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thanks for joining us today. We had a great start to the year with 11% revenue growth and 36% earnings per share growth. This is strong proof why we believe our business model is the right one for good times and for tough times. Right upfront, I want to give you our perspective on what we're seeing in the marketplace.Consistent with what we've been saying for the last few months, we have good results because we can deliver specific value propositions to our customers. For example, offerings that save costs and conserve capital have moved up the prioritization list of our clients. And in this environment, clients want to be able to realize a faster payback on
International Bus. Machines	you should be on the title page. The charts will automatically advance as we move through the presentation. (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). The prepared remarks will be available in roughly an hour, and a replay of this Webcast will be posted to our investor relations Web site by this time tomorrow.Our presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures in an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to the related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You'll find reconciliation charts at the end, and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM Web site, or from us in Investor Relations.Now I will turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION: Thanks for joining us today. We had a great start to the year with 11% revenue growth
International Bus. Machines	an effort to provide additional information to investors. All non-GAAP measures have been reconciled to their related GAAP measures in accordance with SEC rules. You will find reconciliation charts at the end and in the Form 8-K submitted to the SEC.Let me remind you that certain comments made in this presentation may be characterized as forward-looking under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Those statements involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in the Company's filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the SEC, from the IBM website or from us in Investor Relations. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark Loughridge.MARK LOUGHRIDGE, SVP AND CFO, INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP: In the third quarter we reported $23.7 billion in revenue, expanded gross and net operating margins and increased operating earnings per share by 10% to $3.99. For the year, we're maintaining our full year 2013 expectation for operating EPS of at least $16.25 on an all-in basis, or $16.90 excluding the second-quarter workforce rebalancing charge.Looking at the results by business, our total services business returned to modest revenue growth at constant currency, led
ING Groupe NV	and good morning and good afternoon to everybody in the world. Before giving a very short introduction on our annual figures and results, two simple remarks up front.First of all, upon the request of many, ING will host a conference call to discuss embedded value issues. The conference call will be given by John Hale (ph), our new General Manager, Corporate Insurance Risk Management, and by Herman Farsa, our Director of Investor Relations. The date will be Tuesday, the twenty-fourth of February, 3:30 p.m. Amsterdam time, So 2:30 p.m. U.K. time, and 9:30 a.m. Eastern U.S. time. The details will be on our Web site - the numbers for the - how to call in, et cetera. But I would like to announce it today So there will be a special session on embedded value issues. It doesn't mean that I and that we here are not going to answer any question on embedded value, but in particular as far as policy issues are concerned, of course, and probably all the real technical questions can be addressed in full detail at this special conference call on embedded value.The second point I would like to make before is that the conference
ING Groupe NV	(Operator Instructions). I will now hand the conference over to [Thomas Wehrheim]. Please go ahead, sir.THOMAS WEHRHEIM, IR, ING GROEP NV: Thank you. Good morning. This is Thomas Wehrheim welcoming you to ING's third quarter 2008 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, John Hele, Chief Finance Officer, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Michel, John and Koos. Michel, over to you.MICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Yes. Good morning to all of you.As we conclude the third quarter, I think that there are three key messages to take from that. First of all, that the third quarter results were impacted by the market turmoil, resulting in our first ever quarterly loss. But also, it's good to report that the commercial performance of the business was pretty resilient.The second conclusion
ING Groupe NV	John, Koos, and Tom. Please, John, over to you.JOHN HELE, CFO, ING GROUP: Well, good afternoon to those in Europe and good morning to those in North America. This is John Hele, and I will do a very short presentation, because we did have a presentation this morning and the presentation is on the web for those of you that may have missed it. I will not go through it again.But there was a question this morning, which we might as well answer from the get-go. We had -- on slide 60 of the announced presentation, there's a breakdown into buckets of Bucket one, Bucket 2, and Bucket 3 of our ING Direct and Insurance Americas Alt-A residential mortgage-backed securities. And the Bucket 3 is greater than two times coverage, and in prior quarters, we had broken that out 2 to 5 times coverage and greater than 5 times coverage. And they wanted the EUR15.6 billion broken down into those two buckets. The numbers are between 2 and 5 times is EUR5.2 billion, and greater than 5 times is EUR10.4 billion.I will say that again. So the EUR15.6 billion is broken down between 2 and 5 times coverage at EUR5.2
ING Groupe NV	movements in any or all of these and other variables.&nbsp;Good morning, Mr. Hommen, Mr. Hele and Mr. Timmermans. Mr. Hommen, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CHAIRMAN OF ADVISORY BOARD AND CEO DESIGNATE, ING GROUP NV: Thank you. Welcome and thank you for joining us this morning. I'm here with John Hele, CFO, Koos Timmermans CRO, and Eric Boyer the acting CEO.Before we go into the results of Q4, I want to share briefly with you my observations since being named CEO Designate a few weeks ago. This includes the lessons learned from the financial crisis, both for the industry as a whole and for ING specifically. And then I will talk you through what we are doing to address these concerns, the measures we have taken to strengthen ING, and the change program we are implementing to build ING into a stronger Company.The financial crisis has had a profound impact on the entire industry, and the magnitude of the crisis has left few companies unaffected. For ING, we ended 2008 still focused on growth, and we were overtaken by the pace and severity of the deterioration in financial markets in Q4.The need for many companies, including us, to seek government support,
ING Groupe NV	including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning Jan, Patrick and Koos; Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, ING GROUP NV: Thank you very much and welcome everyone. I'm here with Koos Timmermans, our Chief Risk Officer, Patrick Flynn, our new CFO who joined us at the end of April, and I'm also here with Tom McInerney, our Head of our US Insurance activities, America Insurance activities, and Dick Harryvan who runs our ING Direct business.Let me start with the first slide and then let me take you through the presentation and then Koos will later pick up from me and explain the numbers in more detail.First, I'd like to take you through the progress we are making on the cost containment, on the de-risking and the de-leveraging initiatives that we have announced in January. And then I'll walk you through some of the changes in the corporate governance structure, which are intended to increase our focus on the business and will bring
ING Groupe NV	release as posted on our website today.Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation to offer to buy any securities.Good morning, Jan; over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP: Thank you. Welcome, everyone. We are here with Patrick Flynn, our CFO; Wilfred Nagel, our Chief Risk Officer. We will answer the questions. And we also have here Delfin Rueda and Doug Caldwell, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer from EurAsia, available, in case we need any help with questions.Let me go to slide 2, and you see that we have made steady progress on restructuring. We have launched the successful IPO in the US. Our results in the Group are up to EUR800 million, up on both quarters.The Bank profit rebounded from Q4; it was supported by improvements in the net interest margin. I think we had good cost control, and we had a slight improvement in our risk costs.Insurance EurAsia did better, on an underlying basis, mainly due to lower market-related impacts. And operating results were lower, reflecting that investment margins are under pressure, as a result of the low interest rates. Also Non-Life was not coming in at a positive number
ING Groupe NV	our forward-looking statements. A discussions of factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statement, is contained in our public filings, inducing our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and our earnings press release as posted on our website today.Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell of a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Good morning Jan. Over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP NV: Okay. Good morning everyone and welcome to the ING conference call for the second quarter. With me here, Patrick Flynn, our CFO, and Wilfred Nagel, our Chief Risk Officer. Also here is Delfin Rueda and Doug Caldwell from our Insurance activities, Delfin the CFO and Doug the CRO, in case there are some specific questions.Let me quickly go to the presentation and go to slide number two. You see that we have made steady progress on our restructuring. US IPO successfully launched. Double leverage reduced significantly to EUR4.4b. And the relevant parts of the Westland Utrecht Bank we have transferred to Nationale-Nederlanden, and that way making them ready when the IPO for Europe is done to
ING Groupe NV	MAAS, CFO, ING GROUP: Welcome to this conference call and of course in particular welcome to Tom. I would like to congratulate him as before but nevertheless also here in this conference call with his new appointment to the executive board. Congratulations, Tom. Let's simply continue as we did. That is the best way to go forward. I am looking forward to continue these conference calls in your new capacity.Just by way of a very brief introduction ladies and gentlemen, we had an excellent year in 2005. Our strategy is delivering value, net profit went up by 25.3% to a record high level of EUR7.2 billion which leads to an earnings per share of EUR3.31. Underlying our profit increased at double digits also and our profit before tax 19.4% up of which insurance 11.5, and banking 27.2. It was not only the bottom line that increased double digits, also the top line growth was in double-digit figures. Underlying our life premium went up by 12.5% and bank revenues went up by 11.4% so strong top line growth. Efficiency ratios all improved. Cost income ratio in the bank, the cost versus premium and cost versus asset management in the insurance business
ING Groupe NV	quarters now. So we also pleased to say that the more mature business, starting with retail banking are are doing very well. Retail banking as you've seen is doing very well, not only top line growth but also in cost management and that's very good.If you look to wholesale also they generally speaking have done very well. Especially the overall value creation in the wholesale with less capital and higher returns is pretty good. And finally also I would like to point to Nationale-Nederlanden, where our cost restructuring efforts are paying off.So on those more mature markets also we are doing well. Of course highlighted this quarter by retail banking which is fantastic performance. And that's because also the clients are doing more. The clients are -- the savings volumes are up, mortgage volumes are up, the mutual fund sales volumes are up. So all real [fundamental] volumes up, so that's very good.And we are spending [these two] years a lot of time in efficiency and to improve focus on execution and I think this shows also in the numbers. And finally the strategy to allocate capital to where growth and return it is paying off. So the result, you
ING Groupe NV	in Amsterdam, and also Jonathan Atack, of course, is here. Also welcome on behalf of my two colleagues.&nbsp;Let me say a few words by way of introduction, very briefly. As you have seen, the first quarter for ING showed very strong growth in our underlying businesses. Continued growth driven by growth engines, as well as our retail banking activities.Underlying profit went up by 29% to a record of E1.976b. Our net profit -- total net profit increased even to E2.006b, a record high, plus 3%, as a strong underlying performance more than made up for by the E400m of divestment gains in the first quarter of 2005.The three growth engines that we have, you know them, ING Direct, our life insurance businesses in Asia-Pacific and in Central and Eastern Europe, and our retirement services, showed a continued strong performance.ING Direct added a record of 1.1m new customers in the first quarter. Our new life sales in ING Asia-Pacific were up 22%, and our retirement services sales in the U.S. were up even 37%. So strong commercial growth in those three lines of businesses.Retail banking. Retail banking posted a record quarter of E566m. Underlying profit was up by almost 44%. We
ING Groupe NV	of really running our business, no one-off, no special items. It's really underlying earnings, so it's very good.Solid top-line growth, very solid top-line growth. You have seen that our operating expenses are very much under control. You have seen that the returns continue to increase as business units focus on capital efficiency and pricing discipline.This is particularly true for [inaudible], wholesale banking, life insurance, everywhere. We have really looked at capital efficiency and pricing. This is-- probably the best example is in the wholesale where our risk-weighted asset go up but our economic capital goes down because we are able to manage the portfolio extremely tightly. So that's a good example. And finally growth engines continue to perform well.I think that second quarter underlying profit rise 38.9% to EUR2.023 billion. Second quarter total profits rise 29.9%. Earnings per share increased 29.2% and first half underlying net profit rise 33% to EUR4 billion and, according to our policy, we are going to pay half of the dividend of last year, so you know that.Now the focus on value creation and pricing discipline leads to healthy returns. RAROC in the bank rises to 21.9%, IRR of life insurance to 30.9% and the
ING Groupe NV	EXECUTIVE BOARD AND CFO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you, Jenna. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, probably, wherever you are in the world, and also on behalf of Tom McInerney and also behalf of John Hill, Deputy CFO, who is present here, and Jonathan Atack, in charge of Industrial Relations. They are all likely very familiar to you. Let me give you a very brief instruction, and then of course we will open for questions and answers from our side.As you have seen, ING had a very strong second quarter. Our results confirmed positive trends we've seen over recent quarters and provided as evidence that our focus on growth, execution, and value creation has paid off. We have rebased earnings. We've done that through a combination of strong growth and proved endurance. As you've seen, underlying profit, net profit, after tax went up by 39% to a new record 2.2 billion, 23 billion in one quarter. Net profit went up 30% to 2,014 million. First half underlying net profit went up 33% to EUR4 billion, and that is almost as much as we earned after tax in the full year 2003. So only three years before. Our three key growth
ING Groupe NV	McInerney, Executive Board and Jonathan Atack, our General Manager of Investor Relations who is present here as well. Good morning, good afternoon wherever you are in the world welcome to this conference call.I would like to give a very brief introduction and then we are open to answer all the questions you have. As we said in our press release ING posted solid third-quarter results in an environment, in an interest rate environment that was challenging for us for all of us. Underlying net profits declined by 3.2% and that decline was mainly caused by EUR196 million negative variation from revaluation derivatives to which hedge accounting is not applied, roughly EUR110 million in the banking side and roughly EUR90 million in the insurance side. Net profit decreased by 16% and that includes then compared to underlying profit loss on the sale of Deutsche Hypothekenbank and the release of the tech provision in the third quarter of 2005.Our performance year-to-date, so that means for the first nine months, was strong underlying net profit going up by about 20%. Value creation, as you know ING is focusing on value creation. It continues to be strong.In the first quarter we continue to grow
ING Groupe NV	difficult environment.&nbsp;And also great numbers in the background of us using our capacity to be very conservative. I would like to insist on this. We have the capacity to be very conservative, and what we have done in Taiwan shows how conservative we are and how conservative we can afford to be. And I think for investors it should be a great reassurance, rather than a question. That we are able to absorb this because in the insurance world the rule is that you have to take those measures only when your expectations for reserves are only 50%, equity only 50%. When our calculation and our rules is to do it when we are 90%. That is a big difference. If we would use the 90% -- the 50% approach like everybody else we wouldn't do those reserves, restrengthening at all.So I think that this performance is to be seen in this context. Also in the context that we are incurring a number of costs which are nonrecurrent, one off or nonrecurrent, and some are one-off, one-off and (indiscernible) and some are nonrecurrent because they are incurred into a repair job in a number of our operations. So this is
ING Groupe NV	world. Also on behalf of Tom, who this time is -- does not join us by video here. Well, you could never see of course, but he is sitting now next to me in Amsterdam. I very much appreciate that. Welcome Tom.Well, let me -- I always give you a short introduction and I will do that too, probably a little bit longer than normal. And I will elaborate in particular, spend a few minutes on the issue in Taiwan, in order to anticipate a little bit on your questions.Well, to summarize, net profit has increased by 25% in the first half year, to a total amount of E3,492m which we, as the Executive Board, consider as a strong performance.EPS was up 20% to E1.61.Our second quarter results compared to the second quarter results in 2004 went down with minus 6.7%. However, if we look at those figures like-for-like, so excluding currency effects, divestments and consolidations, and also some special items which we all have mentioned and listed in our presentation on page 6, then second quarter results were up 6.7% and not down 6.7%. And that includes, if you want of course, like provisions that we've mentioned for Williams
ING Groupe NV	we're trying to do. So -- And that went very well for the last 6 month. And if you look to those -- to the slides, I think that this shows also that we have told you that we have put more emphasis on value creation. And you can see that this is paying off because our RAROC has improved, and value of the business is up 33%. The internal rate of return and the insurance is up to 12.6%.And I hope that you realize what 12.6% is when you compare it with the current interest rates. So I think that we are doing well, and that allows us to also pay a dividend of E0.54 per share. I remind you that this number comes only from the -- mathematically because it's 50% of last year's dividend, and that's what it effectively means. It is clear that our Banking business is currently doing extremely well. In relative terms better than the Insurance business which is more affected by the overall environment. But overall Insurance has also done well.Now this is a very important slide which I would like to comment to you. This gives in light blue the core Company
ING Groupe NV	that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in security markets, including equity markets and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public filings which we would urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered and unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Jan, Patrick and Koos. Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP: Thank you very much, and welcome everyone to the ING 3rd quarter conference call.I'm happy to report that ING continues to make good progress towards our strategic priorities, and we have reached some important decisions with respect to the IPO process of our US insurance businesses.Koos, Patrick and Matt Rider, our CAO of Insurance are with me here today, and we will later be available to answer questions after my presentation.Slide two. You look at the numbers here; the Bank posted another strong quarter, a profit of EUR1.5 billion before tax. Operating results of Insurance Company increased for the third consecutive quarter, rising to EUR473 million compared with EUR393 million
ING Groupe NV	Good morning, good evening wherever you are in the world, welcome on behalf of Tom, Tom McInerney, and on behalf of Jonathan Atack, our Head of Investor Relations, who is here of course present. I would like to give you a very few short introductory statements, I'll keep it short and then I will hand over the floor to those of you who wants to ask any questions and we will perfectly going to answer them all.As you have seen from our press release, the operating net profit went up by 33% to a level of 4 billion in the first quarter and our operating earnings before tax went up 24% to a level of 5.9 billion Euro. And it was not only the bottom line growth that was strong in the first nine months, but also our revenue growth was continue to be strong like-for-like. So I have not taken in to account currency changes, in that divestments or investments growth was up 12%, top line growth for ING as a whole, which is in strong revenue growth. The growth was of course strongest in the bank as you have seen 60% up and which was to a large
ING Groupe NV	behalf of Tom, welcome to the conference call. I would like to start very briefly with a short - an introduction. Most of you have probably had ample time to read our press release or documentation. Some of you probably have heard already the conference call the conference call this morning for the Germans. So I can be doubly (ph) brief.Let me start by saying that our first quarter results showed a strong start this year with all the business lines contributing to the strong growth. Our net profit, if you've seen that headline, was up 72% to 1.9 billion euro. Of course, this was impacted by our divestments that we have announced last year. Some of them have closed in the first quarter. Our divestments had a positive impact of 390 million in this year. But without that impact, our organic net profit growth or underlying went up by 44% and before tax by 29%. So, apart from the divestments and currency impacts, the growth in the first quarter was also strong.Insurance profit before tax, (indiscernible), and divestments was up 45% and our bank profit before divestments was over 18.3%. You will not be surprised that the growth in
ING Groupe NV	Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group; Patrick Flynn, Chief Financial Officer; and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer; let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions, and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movement in security markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in, on, any or all of these other variables.Good morning, Jan, Patrick, and Koos. Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ING GROUP: Thank you very much. Welcome, everyone, to the fourth quarter ING result conference call.I'm happy to report that ING is continuing to make good progress as we prepare the Bank and the Insurance companies for their future as standalone companies. The Bank posted another strong quarter, and the Insurance Company is showing a solid improvement in operating profit, although on an underlying basis, results were impacted by the measures we announced last quarter to address the US Closed book Variable Annuity block.The good news is
ING Groupe NV	conference over to Mr. Jan Hommen, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in security markets including equity markets and underlying economic conditions and changes that are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Jan. Over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP: Thank you very much and welcome, everyone to the ING conference call on the first quarter results 2011.I'm happy to report the Bank posted another strong quarter and that the Insurance Company showed significant improvements in the first quarter as well.I will talk you through the presentation and then afterwards Koos Timmermans, Patrick Flynn and Matt Rider are here with me and we are all available to answer your questions.I'm going to page 2. ING Group reported an underlying net profit of EUR1.492 million (sic - see slide 2) in the first quarter. That was up from
ING Groupe NV	and inflation rates, movements in security markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables. Good morning. Jan. Please go ahead.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you very much. Welcome, everyone, to the ING second-quarter results call. First of all I understand there were some problems with the website this morning, but in the meantime they have been fixed. So we apologize if you had trouble getting access, but it should be okay now.I'm happy to report that the Bank posted another solid quarter and that the Insurance company showed significant result improvements as initiatives that we introduced last year continue to gain traction. We also made great strides in restructuring the Group. We paid EUR3b to the State in May, announced that we were selling ING Direct US for $9b and ING Car Lease for EUR700m. And also we announced the sale of our Latin American Life Pension and Investment Management business for EUR2.7b.I will talk you through
ING Groupe NV	is contained in our public filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and our earnings press release, as posted on our website today. Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Good morning, Jan. I will now hand the conference over to you. Please go ahead.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you. Welcome, everyone, to the ING first-quarter 2012 results conference call.First of all, let me say that we had a relatively strong first quarter, particularly when you see that against the backdrop of weakening economic environment and the ongoing sovereign debt crisis in Europe. The impact on markets and the de-risking continue to impact our results. They were down compared to the first quarter last year, but if I compare that with the Q4 of last year, significantly up, demonstrating in particular strong commercial performance at both the bank and the insurance company.I will talk you through the presentation. Patrick Flynn, Wilfred Nagel and Matt Rider are here, and together we will answer your questions afterwards.Looking at slide number two, you see the results. Underlying
ING Groupe NV	ING Direct model. I think also you will admit with me that strong value creation after tax RAROC is very high; value of new business up 25%, and internal rate of return increased to 12.8%.&nbsp;So let me say that at this point of returns, I think the question is also is going always -- we have to value more and more in the future, but also value keeping the returns at a very high level where they are, but also push for more volume and profit growth. So we are now at the stage that we are able to look at that. So that's an important point that I wanted to make.Now I think that I mentioned to you, remember -- I would like just to remember the first time I took -- when I took my job and the first time I present myself in front of you it was the second quarter of '04, and we had an overall profit of 1.6 with a number of specialized terms, and the underlying was 1.35. And basically you said to me, maybe it's time that you just -- the first time you came in, maybe it's time to retire because
ING Groupe NV	you also on behalf of Tom. Let me briefly introduce the results, more introduction is this time probably not necessary because as you have seen the results and the net profit for the first 9 months were excellent, an increase of 23.5% to 5.3 billion Euro in the first 9 months. And as we have said in our press release, the drivers of this profit increase were our growth engines, our 3 growth engines that we have in ING.First of all, ING Direct with strong profit growth in the third quarter. The profit was up 41% in the third quarter compared to second quarter as we were able to improve our interest margin we were able to lower the rates in 4 countries and we were lag behind in the United States by the increase in official rates are there.The second growth drivers is our life insurance business and developing markets in Asia Pacific and Central Europe. Specifically the value of the new life insurance business increased by 34% in the first 9 months, driven by Asia.In the third strong growth drivers is - are the retirement services and the pension businesses. Here we had a strong growth of retirement
ING Groupe NV	Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions, and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in security markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions, and changes.These are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Jan, Patrick, and Koos. Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Good morning, and thanks for being on the call. This call will last an hour and a half, I think we have said. And we'll do a quick introduction of the numbers, because you probably have seen the numbers already. We'll do a quick presentation; you can follow that, I think the presentation is on the web. And then, we open it up for questions.Now, ING has emerged stronger -- I'm on slide number two -- has emerged stronger and a more efficient Company from 2009. When you look at Back to Basics, we over delivered on all of our objectives. We
ING Groupe NV	well, welcome. I think, to start by prefacing the 2009 results, I think the key message within everything we're going to talk about today is that our business, off the back of raising capital last year, of putting operating platform and procedures in place last year, is nine months into the delivery of a three-year plan. And hopefully that message will come through time and again as I talk you through the 2009 results.So, in that context, 2009 was really about two things, and it was putting foundations in place. Firstly, with regards to the financial resources of the business and secondly, with regards to the operating platform; and with regard to the operational side of things, that was about finishing off what we started two years before in terms of our Blueprint change program.From a financial objective point of view, we had two key objectives. The first was to make sure that our operating or management business moved into profit for the year. And the second was to ensure that we had the appropriate balance sheet strength and flexibility to handle what we thought might be ahead, and indeed, ultimately turn that into opportunity.In both cases we were successful
ING Groupe NV	views, assumptions, and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movement in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic condition and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public findings, which we could urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all these and other variables.Good morning, Jan, Patrick, and Koos. Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you very much. Welcome everyone on the telephone and also on the webcast. I'm happy to report that we made a good start of the year. Of course, markets started to stabilize, or improve a little bit, in the first quarter, and impairments and negative market impacts have diminished significantly from previous quarters.However, our first quarter results also show the strengths of our franchises. And we are seeing early progress on the performance improvement programs that we have set out for the Insurance Company, as well as for the Bank.Volumes are up in Banking; loan loss provisions are trending down; and Insurance sales have gained momentum in the first quarter; margins are stable quarter-on-quarter; and efficiency has continued to improve on both sides
ING Groupe NV	any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of current views, assumptions and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered or unexpected movements by any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, gentlemen. Mr. Hommen, please go ahead.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP NV: Okay, good morning and welcome everyone to the conference call. I'm here with Koos Timmermans, our Chief Risk Officer and Patrick Flynn, our Chief Financial Officer, also Tom McInerney and Matt Rider from the Insurance Management Boards. And I will do the presentation, and then we will collectively do the answering of your questions.If you look at slide number two, the summary slide, I'm happy to report that ING has continued to build earnings momentum in the second quarter and, as you can see, in particular, of course, at the Banking business. Our shareholders' equity went up to EUR41.6 billion, which is EUR11 per share.Bank made strong progress; they posted a result
ING Groupe NV	of factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in any forward-looking statement is contained in our public filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and our earnings press release as posted on our website today.Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Good morning, Jan. Over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Okay. Thank you. Welcome, everyone, to the ING fourth-quarter 2012 results conference call.2012 was a transformational year. We worked hard (technical difficulty) the Group further, and preparing Bank and Insurance for independent futures. Results held up well for the year, despite the sovereign debt crisis in Europe and a weak economy which we endured during all of 2012.I will now talk you through the presentation. Patrick Flynn and Wilfred Nagel are here with me from the Executive Board, also Delfin Rueda and Doug Caldwell, respectively CFO and CRO of Insurance EurAsia are here with us, and Ewout Steenbergen, CFO of the Insurance Company US, is on the call, so are all available to answer your questions.Slide number two. Results held up
ING Groupe NV	movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Michel and John. Michel, over to you.MICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Yes. Good morning all. Welcome and thank you for joining the call this morning. I am here as a matter of fact with John Hele, CFO, and Koos Timmermans, our Chief Risk Officer, as well as Tom McInerney, our Head of US Operations. And we have prepared for you a pretty extensive presentation. I hope that you will bear with us for the next few minutes, long minutes, and after that we will be more than happy to respond to questions.First of all, if you turn to the presentation on page three, we are happy to report that we have recorded underlying net profit of EUR1.9b in the second quarter, although down 28.8% from the second quarter 2007 due to lower investment income and capital gains.We are happy to say that we have limited direct impact from the credit and liquidity crisis in the second quarter. But, at the same time, you can
ING Groupe NV	US Operations. And we have prepared for you a pretty extensive presentation. I hope that you will bear with us for the next few minutes, long minutes, and after that we will be more than happy to respond to questions.First of all, if you turn to the presentation on page three, we are happy to report that we have recorded underlying net profit of EUR1.9b in the second quarter, although down 28.8% from the second quarter 2007 due to lower investment income and capital gains.We are happy to say that we have limited direct impact from the credit and liquidity crisis in the second quarter. But, at the same time, you can see that we are not immune to the challenging environment around us. We are happy to record that all capital leverages ratios are well within target. And also I'm happy to say that our commercial growth continued very strongly, despite increasingly competitive markets.On page four, you can see the net profit in the second quarter and with the separation with capital gains. And I think what is nice to show is that our core earnings, if you look at the blue lines, are relatively strong, even compared to
ING Groupe NV	Risk Officer of ING Groep; and Tom McInerney, Member of the Executive Board and CEO of ING US Financial Services.Let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables. They include interest rates; foreign exchange rates; inflation rates; movements in securities markets, including equity markets; and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good morning and good afternoon again, John, Koos and Tom. John, over to you.JOHN HELE, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Okay. Good afternoon to everybody. We will just give a very quick introduction and then turn it over to questions. I'm here, again, with Koos Timmermans, the Chief Risk Officer, and Tom McInerney, Executive Board Member for Insurance Americas.Just in terms of highlights for the quarter, we had underlying net profit of EUR1.9 billion, down 29% from a year ago, basically because of lower investment returns and investment income. Our earnings per share was down 20%, and that is because of the EUR5 billion share buyback that we did over the last year that was completed in May. We had
ING Groupe NV	CEO, ING GROEP NV: Okay. Good afternoon to everybody. We will just give a very quick introduction and then turn it over to questions. I'm here, again, with Koos Timmermans, the Chief Risk Officer, and Tom McInerney, Executive Board Member for Insurance Americas.Just in terms of highlights for the quarter, we had underlying net profit of EUR1.9 billion, down 29% from a year ago, basically because of lower investment returns and investment income. Our earnings per share was down 20%, and that is because of the EUR5 billion share buyback that we did over the last year that was completed in May. We had a limited direct impact from the credit and liquidity crisis in the second quarter. However, we're not immune to the challenging environment around us, and it has affected, to some extent, some of our business units.All of our capital and leverage ratios are well within target, which a spare leverage capacity at the end of the quarter of EUR3.9 billion. And we continue to focus on our commercial growth, adding almost EUR30 billion of client balances in the quarter to be almost near EUR1.5 trillion client balances, from which we receive fees and margins from. We
ING Groupe NV	of ING, Patrick Flynn, Chief Financial Officer, and Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer, let me first say that any forward looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movement in the securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning Jan, Patrick and Koos. Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. I'm here with Koos and Patrick, and we will make a short presentation on the results, and then we will open it up for questions.ING returned to a profit in the second quarter, and we are ahead of schedule of our Back to Basics program. I think those are the main messages that I would say when you look at slide number two of our presentation. We'll get into the details a little bit later.On page three, you see the return to profitability in Q2, EUR229 million, and you see how we have fared compared with the last three quarters. So for the first time since
ING Groupe NV	views, assumptions and variables, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets, including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. These are set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read.The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Also, in connection with the rights offer we announced this morning, please note that the full information regarding that offering will be contained in a prospective and registration documents we have on file, and will be filing as we move forward with the ASM in The Netherlands, and the SEC in the US. You should refer to those documents as they become available in connection with the offering.Good morning, Jan, Patrick and Koos; Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ING GROEP NV: Thank you very much, and welcome -- a warm welcome to all on the conference call. I'm going to make a presentation based on the slides. If you want to follow the presentation, you can hook up with the website and then you can follow our presentation slide by slide.I go to the first
ING Groupe NV	set out in greater detail in our public filings, which we would urge you to read. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered and unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning, Jan. Over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Thank you very much, and a warm welcome to everyone on the ING third-quarter 2011 results conference call.The quarter saw a marked deterioration on debt and equity markets and a slowdown in the macroeconomic environment, as well as a deepening of the sovereign debt crisis in Europe. In this quite challenging environment, the earnings that ING produce today remained resilient. And our strong funding position enabled us to continue to increase lending, to support our customers in these very uncertain times.I will talk you through the presentation, and afterwards we have Patrick Flynn, our CFO; Wilfred Nagel, our CRO; Matt Rider, our CEO of Insurance; and as special guest we have Koos Timmermans, who was still the CRO during the third quarter, helping us with answering the questions.Let me take the first slide, the summary slide. You see that we reported a profit underlying net of EUR1.285b in Q3. That was up almost
ING Groupe NV	factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in any forward-looking statement is contained in our public filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and our earnings press release as posted on our website today. Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Good morning, Jan. Over to you, sir.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Good morning. Thank you. Welcome, everyone, to the ING 2011 results conference.The fourth quarter was a challenging period. We had very volatile markets. We saw a deepening of the crisis in Europe. And in this uncertain environment, our first priorities were to protect our capital and to make sure that we further de-risk the organization. The impact of hedging and de-risking and further impairments on our Greek government bonds took a toll on the results of Q4. Nonetheless, we were able to end the year with underlying profit of EUR3,675m, which was up 15% compared to 2010.I plan to talk to you through the presentation. At the end, we have Mike Smith, our CEO of the US Annuity Business here.
ING Groupe NV	in our public filings including our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and our earnings press release as posted on our website today. Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to buy any securities.So good morning, Jan, and over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Okay. Thank you and welcome everyone to ING's second quarter 2012 results conference call. ING posted solid second quarter results, particularly when we look at the weakening economic environment we are currently in. I will talk you through the presentation and then Patrick Flynn, Wilfred Nagel and Matt Rider are here with me, and we are all available to answer your questions.Page two, ING is maintaining strong momentum on restructuring, including the sales process we have for Asia and the preparations we are having for our US and European Insurance and IM organization. The Bank is making good progress on balance sheet integration and we accelerated de-risking efforts given the deterioration we were seeing in the Eurozone in Q2. We posted, the Group posted an underlying net profit of EUR1,045m in Q2. That excludes the results
ING Groupe NV	Exchange Commission and our earnings press release, as posted on our website today.Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy or to offer any securities.Good morning, Jan, over to you.JAN HOMMEN, CEO, ING GROUP NV: Thank you very much. Welcome, everyone, to our third quarter 2012 results conference call.We posted solid third quarter results, particularly seen against the backdrop of the weakening economic environment. I will talk you through the presentation now. And then we have Patrick Flynn, Wilfred Nagel and Matt Rider here with me, and we all will be available to answer your questions.Unfortunately, this will be the last time that Matt Rider is present at this call. He will step down and he will return to the United States to join his family and look at other opportunities outside of ING. First, before we start the call, I'd like to take the opportunity to thank Matt for his many years of dedicated service to ING, and to the insurance as well as the investment management operations. Matt, thank you very much.During the third quarter, I'm on slide 2, we continued to deliver our restructuring plan amid a challenging operating environment.
ING Groupe NV	sure that you leave this room with no doubt and as comfortable as you can be about those numbers and what they mean. So we have -- we felt that we could afford to make the presentation a bit longer than usual to give you all the details you need to perfectly understand the situation.First of all I would like to say that if we look to 2007 it is a year for us where fundamentally if we look back that we have basically delivered on our strategic priorities to generate long-term value for shareholders. And I think that the full year net profits were up 20% to EUR9.2b. And you know EUR9.2b first of all is a record profit of ING. It's also a very nice number by the way. And by the way it includes EUR2b of nice cash profit which is the ABN Amro and Numico, because we just get paid in cash for that, right? Remember that. So it's a nice number to look at. It's -- earnings per share is up 21%. And you have seen that we are going to propose to the general assembly to increase the dividend to 12% -- up by
ING Groupe NV	shareholders. And I think that the full year net profits were up 20% to EUR9.2b. And you know EUR9.2b first of all is a record profit of ING. It's also a very nice number by the way. And by the way it includes EUR2b of nice cash profit which is the ABN Amro and Numico, because we just get paid in cash for that, right? Remember that. So it's a nice number to look at. It's -- earnings per share is up 21%. And you have seen that we are going to propose to the general assembly to increase the dividend to 12% -- up by 12%, which is a nice increase.I have to say, that I am pleased to say we have basically experienced a very limited direct impact from the credit crisis due to two things. Our business profile, because clearly we are essentially as I will say later on, in the retail business of collecting savings and investing them in the market. And our business profile is also something that we manage carefully. In other words, they are also a number of business that we just don't want to get in, okay. And that we have proactively
ING Groupe NV	including equity markets and underlying economic health and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables. That said, John and Koos, over to you.JOHN HELE, CFO, ING GROEP NV: Good afternoon in Europe and good morning still in the Americas. I would like to welcome you to the embedded value call as well as general call with analysts here in the afternoon. In addition to Koos Timmermans with us today who is the Chief Risk Officer of ING Groep we also have Tom McInerney on the line, the executive board member responsible for the Insurance Americas.We have a show presentation to walk through first just to give some key points and highlights on the embedded value. On Page 3 of that presentation has the key points and the first point is the embedded value is EUR32.5 billion before dividends of 17% from 2006. Our Group embedded value where we take the life insurance embedded value and make a few adjustments to move from statutory accounting to [iferes] accounting. and then add the book values for banking and asset management and (inaudible) businesses (inaudible) is EUR21.19 per
ING Groupe NV	as well as general call with analysts here in the afternoon. In addition to Koos Timmermans with us today who is the Chief Risk Officer of ING Groep we also have Tom McInerney on the line, the executive board member responsible for the Insurance Americas.We have a show presentation to walk through first just to give some key points and highlights on the embedded value. On Page 3 of that presentation has the key points and the first point is the embedded value is EUR32.5 billion before dividends of 17% from 2006. Our Group embedded value where we take the life insurance embedded value and make a few adjustments to move from statutory accounting to [iferes] accounting. and then add the book values for banking and asset management and (inaudible) businesses (inaudible) is EUR21.19 per share up 6% from 2006.Our value of new business in 2007 increased 38% over 2006 which is a very significant increase and we were EUR1.1 billion in value. The VNB was up in all regions with Central Europe and the Americas showing the largest increase. Developing markets delivered 61% of the group value of new business.The embedded value profit was up 41% and the return
ING Groupe NV	giving you an overview of the first quarter, after which John Hele will take over with a more detailed discussion of the financial highlights, and Koos Timmermans will follow to comment the risk management section, and I will finish and wrap up with a few closing remarks. And, of course, there will be plenty of time for Q&A.So what I suggest is that you take the presentation to page three, where you can see the key points that we want to make for the first quarter 2008.First of all that you have seen our earnings are affected essentially by the downturn in financial markets as underlying net profit declines 15.2% to EUR1.6 billion. Second, we have recorded limited direct impact for the credit and liquidity crisis. Third, we are happy to say that we have experienced strong commercial growth, and despite the competitive and turbulent markets, and that during the quarter we have continued to focus on managing organic growth, cost and add-on acquisitions.Page four, you see the evolution of our quarterly numbers in a two year perspective. And you can see, of course, the significant drop in capital gains during the first quarter 2008. I remind you also that
ING Groupe NV	analyst conference call. We will be a little shorter on time today. We only have 45 minutes due to travel schedules. We will be ending at 1645 Central Time. And as such, and also because we ran through some of the presentations this morning, we're just going to go directly to Q&A so people have time to ask their questions. So we will turn it back to the operator to poll for questions.OPERATOR: (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Bruno Paulson, Bernstein.BRUNO PAULSON, ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN: Some questions on the write-downs in the economic capital. Firstly, on the write-downs, you had -- I think it was EUR3.3 billion on the Alt-A portfolio. I was wondering if you could split that between the three elements of the Alt-A portfolio so we can get percentage valuations of each of those.Secondly, were there any significant moves on the prime RMBS and other ABS elements of the portfolio?And on the economic capital, it mentioned that you have around about a EUR5 billion economic capital deficit in insurance, but points out this is because of the mismatch between your assumptions on the assets and liabilities. I was wondering why you have that mismatch, given it's in economic capital,
ING Groupe NV	discussion of factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in any forward-looking statement is contained in our public filings, including our most recent annual report on form 20F, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and our earnings press release as posted on our website today.Furthermore, nothing in today's comments constitutes an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.Good morning, Ralph. Over to you.RALPH HAMERS, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Welcome, everyone, to ING's third quarter 2013 results conference call. I'm Ralph Hamers, CEO of ING Group. I'll take you through today's presentation. And here with me are Patrick Flynn, our CFO; and Wilfred Nagel, our CRO; and the Executive Board. We also have Delfin Rueda, the CFO of the insurance company, and Doug Caldwell, the CRO of the insurance company, to answer questions about the insurance side.Let's go to page 2. We had a very strong third quarter. ING continued to make strong progress on the restructuring, advancing further into the end phase of our transformation. At the same time, what is good is that our businesses have delivered a good set of quarterly results.ING Group posted an underlying
ING Groupe NV	good morning to all of you. This is Michel Tilmant speaking here. Let me first, as an introduction, say we have experienced record results in the fourth quarter of 2006, which illustrates the solid earning capacity of the Groep. And as you have seen, while interest rate environment is challenging for some of our businesses, we have benefited in other parts of the group from strong equity markets, the (indiscernible) environment and favorable underwriting experience in long life.I have to say that what is the most satisfactory in this is that we are reaping the benefits of our strategy commenced two years ago. And first of all, you have seen through the numbers that there is a very strong momentum in the three growth engines, life insurance in developing markets posted 23.5% increase in sales; ING Direct has added $5.4 billion in mortgage only in the last quarter and retirement services accumulation product sales in the U.S. increased 21% in the fourth quarter. So all growth engines are performing according to our expectation and what we have stated in the past.At the same time, and we are also very happy to see that a number of parts of our strategy
ING Groupe NV	to have an early as possible feedback from us on whatever questions you might have. So I hope this formula is convenient for all of you. And I would certainly welcome any comments after this to make sure that this is convenient for you.I hope that the technology works also very well. I understand that all of you have the slides which you can access through the Internet. I hope that this will work smoothly because my intention is to go through the presentation so that you have the flow of information in front of you.Let me say, first of all, that as key points, and this is slide two, that the first quarter results demonstrate clear resilience of ING business portfolio. Very importantly, all commercial momentum continues, particularly at growth engines. And we are keeping investing to support growth in mature and developing markets. At the same time, we have decided to make a EUR5b share buyback to optimize our capital structure.On page three, page three. On page three, I would like only just to say a few words. First of all, underlying net profit was about EUR1.9b, down 3.2%, but flat excluding currency effects.All business lines grew pre-tax
ING Groupe NV	Hele and Koos Timmermans and there will be four parts of our presentation. I will first give you the results highlights. Then, John Hele will go through the second quarter results in detail. After that, Koos Timmermans will address the risk management. And I will close the meeting by making a few inroads in our strategy overview.But first of all, let's go back to the key points of this quarter. And I encourage you to go to slide three, which I think you can see on your screen. And indeed, this quarter, we have registered record quarterly results, where underlying net profits are up 36.7% to EUR2,747m. The realized gain of ABN AMRO were EUR573m, but, excluding this gain, underlying net profits were up 8.2%. We are pleased to say, as we will evidence later, that expenses remain under control and that we further invest in growth. Earnings per share is EUR1.18, up 27%, and we are pleased to inform that the value of new business improved significantly from the first quarter '07.But if we take the accounting [noise] out, then we can see that there is a strong performance of the business. Indeed, Insurance Europe pre-tax result, excluding the
ING Groupe NV	for about one hour, because after that some of us have to fly to London, and we will take the best time, [best of you], of this hour.Given the fact that we have already made a few presentations today, so probably most of you have had the chance to look at it, I am not going to be very long here. I think that, for those of you who haven't heard anything yet, you know that we had a record quarter of net profits of EUR2.7 billion, up 36%. After the realized gain of about EUR573 million on ABN Amro shares, our underlying net profit went up 8.2%, and therefore a record quarter.What is also very important is that after you have taken the noise of coming from the volatility due to IFRS accounting, it shows clearly that the business is doing very well. The performance of the business is up 25% in Insurance Europe, 30% in Insurance America, 20% in Insurance Asia-Pacific, 15% in Wholesale Banking, 14% in Retail Banking, and ING Direct had a fantastic commercial performance the last quarter with 500,000 new clients and EUR7 billion of mortgage.So very good business quarter. I think we are pleased
ING Groupe NV	key issue this morning is that our results demonstrate a structural resilience in a very challenging environment, as our risk management, or risk policies, and strong balance sheet has protected us against the market turmoil.Second, our commercial performance has remained robust, as witnessed both in the insurance by our value of new business and sales growth and by our volume growth in retail balances in banking. We recognize that we have a more challenging environment, and you can see here and there that specific businesses and product areas were affected by the environment, and we'll come back on that.Nevertheless, we have continued investment to support growth and optimize our competitive position. We have made some organic growth initiatives, we have made some acquisitions, but also we have made some investment in restructuration. And finally, we continue our capital reallocation, and it's important, as we are selling some businesses that we feel are not in the core of our strategy or don't provide sufficient growth, to reinvest in growth markets.Very quickly, the summary of the financial highlights. And the underlying net profit were up 19.2% to about EUR1.95b, supported by investment gains. Underlying net profit includes a EUR455m net gain on
ING Groupe NV	current weather and credit climate, as well as the strong commercial momentum we have throughout the group.We would like to take this opportunity to highlight a couple of key points before we open it up for questions. First of all, I would like to tell you that I'm here today with Koos Timmermans, our Chief Risk Officer; Tom McInerney, our Board Member in charge of Insurance Americas; and Dick Harryvan, our Board Member in charge of ING Direct.So the first key point I would like to just reiterate -- to put all the US subprime, Alt-A and CDOs into perspective -- is that, first and foremost, ING is a long-term investor. We are an investor in asset-backed securities, and we have selected and been highly selective in picking out highly-rated bonds and securities that we would like to hold.To contrast this, we are not a manufacturer of subprime bonds or CDOs. So we don't have, really, any exposure to the subordinated tranches. When you are a manufacturer of these, you often keep the equity tranches and sell the highly-rated tranches to people like us. That's the structure of our portfolio, and that does explain a fundamental difference between us and
ING Groupe NV	you. Good morning. This is [Thomas Vierheim] welcoming you to ING's first quarter 2008 conference call.Before handing this conference call over to Michel Tilmant, Chief Executive Officer of ING Group, John Hele, Chief Financial Officer, Koos Timmermans, Chief Risk Officer and Tom McInerney, Head of American Operations, let me first say that any forward-looking statements in today's comments are subject to a number of variables including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, inflation rates, movements in securities markets including equity markets, and underlying economic conditions and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.Good morning Michele, John, Koos and Tom. Michel, over to you.MICHEL TILMANT, CEO, ING GROEP NV: Yes good morning. I will start by giving you an overview of the first quarter, after which John Hele will take over with a more detailed discussion of the financial highlights, and Koos Timmermans will follow to comment the risk management section, and I will finish and wrap up with a few closing remarks. And, of course, there will be plenty of time for Q&A.So what I suggest is that you take the presentation to page three, where
ING Groupe NV	and changes. The realization of forward-looking statements could be materially altered by unexpected movements in any or all of these and other variables.That said, good morning and good afternoon again. John, Koos, and over to you, Tom -- John, over to you.JOHN HELE, CFO, ING GROEP NV: Good afternoon. Good morning to those listening in the Americas. I would like to welcome you to our analyst conference call. We will be a little shorter on time today. We only have 45 minutes due to travel schedules. We will be ending at 1645 Central Time. And as such, and also because we ran through some of the presentations this morning, we're just going to go directly to Q&A so people have time to ask their questions. So we will turn it back to the operator to poll for questions.Questions and AnswersOPERATOR: (OPERATOR INSTRUCTIONS). Bruno Paulson, Bernstein.BRUNO PAULSON, ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN: Some questions on the write-downs in the economic capital. Firstly, on the write-downs, you had -- I think it was EUR3.3 billion on the Alt-A portfolio. I was wondering if you could split that between the three elements of the Alt-A portfolio so we can get percentage valuations of each
Johnson & Johnson	the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website.I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Bill Weldon will comment on the 2008 results and provide a strategic outlook for the Company. At the completion of Bill's remarks, Dominic Caruso will provide some additional commentary on the 2008 financial results and guidance for 2009. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9:30 and following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill, we will conclude the meeting around 10 a.m.Distributed with a copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2007 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements
Johnson & Johnson	quarter of 2009. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer. A few logistics before we get into the details.This review is being made available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the first quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the first quarter results and guidance for the full year of 2009. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. Included with the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is a schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call maybe considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2008 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from
Johnson & Johnson	for Johnson & Johnson. And it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the second quarter of 2013. Joining me on the call today are Alex Gorsky, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Sandy Peterson, Group Worldwide Chairman; and Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details -- this review is being made available to a broader audience via a Webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the second quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Alex will provide some additional commentary on our results, and an update on our near-term priorities. And Sandy will provide an update on our consumer business and our global supply chain. Please note -- the presentations that accompany Sandy's and Alex's remarks are available on our website. Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the financial results and guidance for 2013. We will then open the call to your questions.We expect the call to last approximately 1.5 hours. Included with the press release that was issued earlier this
Johnson & Johnson	2006. We will then open the floor to your questions. Bill Weldon is our host today so I encourage you to address your questions to him on more strategic issues.&nbsp;We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9:30 and following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill, we will conclude the meeting at 10 AM. Distributed with a copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as of the copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2004 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made during this meeting. The 10-K and subsequent filings are available through the Company or online. Last item, during the meeting non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to GAAP measures and are available on the Johnson & Johnson
Johnson & Johnson	highlights of the first-quarter 2006 results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Bob Darretta, we will open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2005 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last item. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the Johnson & Johnson website.Now I would like to review our results for the first quarter of 2006. If you would refer to your copy of the press release, let's begin with the schedule titled Supplementary Sales Data.Worldwide sales to customers were a record $13 billion for the first quarter of 2006, up 1.2% as compared to the first quarter of 2005. Our operational growth was 3.5%, and currency had
Johnson & Johnson	results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Bob Darretta, we will open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one hour.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal-year 2005 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made during this call. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last item. During the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the Johnson & Johnson website.Now I would like to review our results for the third quarter of 2006. If you have referred to your copy of the press release, let's begin with the schedule titled Supplementary Sales Data. Worldwide sales to customers were $13.3 billion for the third quarter of 2006, up 7.9%
Johnson & Johnson	hour. Last item before I get into the results, our Law Department has asked that I remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2003 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made during this call. The 10-K and subsequent filings are available through the Company or online.Now I'd like to review our results for the third quarter of 2004. If you would refer to your copy of the press release, let's begin with the schedule titled &quot;supplementary sales data.&quot; Worldwide sales to customers were $11.6 billion for the third quarter of 2004, an increase of 10.5 percent as compared to the third quarter of 2003. Our operational growth was a solid 7.7 percent, and we benefited from a positive currency impact of 2.8 points.If you now turn to the schedule showing sales by geographic area, you can see that the U.S. grew by 5.9 percent. In regions outside the U.S. our operational growth was 10.8 percent. The weakness in the U.S. dollar continued this quarter affecting the results in all regions outside
Johnson & Johnson	statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2004 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The 10-K and subsequent filings are available through the Company or online.Last items; during this call non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the J&J Website.Now I'd like to review our results for the second quarter of 2005. If you'd refer to your copy of the press release, let's begin with the schedule titled supplementary sales data. Worldwide sales to customers was $12.8 billion for the second quarter of 2005, up 11.1% as compared to the second quarter of 2004. Our operational growth was 9.1% and we benefited from a positive foreign currency impact of 2 points.If you now turn to the schedule showing sales by geographic area, operational growth in the U.S. was 6%. In the regions outside the U.S. our operational growth was 13.4%. The effects of currency exchange rates added 4.9 points to our reported results in international markets. Double-digit operational growth was achieved in all markets
Johnson & Johnson	second quarter of 2010. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. The review is being made available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the second quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the second-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2010. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour.Included with the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is a schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. These are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2009 identify certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ
Johnson & Johnson	are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments.Following my remarks Domenic will provide some additional commentary on the third-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2010. Sheri will then provide an update on our Pharmaceuticals business. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and, following Q&A with some final remarks by Dominic, we'll conclude the meeting around 10 a.m.Distributed with a copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results let me remind you that some of the statements made during this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2009 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any
Johnson & Johnson	commentary on the quarter as well as an update on our guidance for 2005. We will then open the floor to your questions.&nbsp;Since Bill Weldon is our host today, I would encourage you to address your questions to him on more strategic issues. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9:30, and expect to close the meeting following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill Weldon before we conclude the meeting at 10:00 a.m. Distributed with the copy of the press release that you just received are actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the J & J website as is a copy of the press release. Last item before we get into the results our law department asks that I remind you that some of the statements made at this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for fiscal year 2004 -- 3, excuse me, identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made at this meeting. The 10-K and subsequent filings are available through the Company or online.Now, I would like to review our results
Johnson & Johnson	the total company and the three business segments. Following additional remarks from Bob Darretta, we'll open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one hour. Before I get into the results let me remind you that some statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for fiscal year 2004 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last item during the call nonGAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the J&J website.Now I'd like to review our results for the first quarter 2005. If you'd refer to your copy of the press release, let's begin with the schedule titled 'Supplementary Sales Data.' Worldwide sales to customers were a record $12.8 billion for the first quarter of 2005, up 11% as compared to the first quarter of 2004. A positive currency impact of 2.2%, supplemented operational growth of 8.8%.If you turn to the schedule showing sales by geographic area,
Johnson & Johnson	our business results for the first quarter of 2011. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the first quarter for the Corporation and highlights for the three business segments.Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the first-quarter results and guidance for the full year of 2011. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour.Included with the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises, to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.Before I get into the results let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2010 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results
Johnson & Johnson	morning to review our business results for the first quarter of 2012. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This call is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the first quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the first-quarter financial results, and discuss guidance for the full year of 2012. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour.Included with the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning, is a schedule showing sales for major products and/or businesses to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this review may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal-year 2011 identifies certain factors that could
Johnson & Johnson	morning to review our business results for the second quarter of 2012. Joining me on the call today are Alex Gorsky, Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson, and Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This call is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the second quarter for the corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Alex will discuss his near-term and strategic priorities for Johnson & Johnson. Following Alex's results, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the second-quarter financial results and discuss guidance for the full year of 2012. We will then open the call to your questions.We expect the call to last approximately 90 minutes. Included with the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is a schedule showing sales for key products and/or businesses to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you
Johnson & Johnson	of the Johnson & Johnson website.I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Bill Weldon will comment on the 2009 results and provide the strategic outlook for the Company.30 and, following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill, will conclude the meeting around 10 o'clock.Distributed with the copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2008 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from any projections and any forward-looking statements made this morning.The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last item, during the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent
Johnson & Johnson	Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the detail. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the first quarter for the corporation and highlights for our three business segments.Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the first-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2010. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour.Included with the press release that we sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. These are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2009 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in
Johnson & Johnson	the Johnson & Johnson website.I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter for the corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Bill Weldon will comment on 2010 results and provide a strategic outlook for the Company.At the completion of Bill's remarks, Dominic Caruso will provide some additional commentary on the fourth-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2011. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentations at approximately 9.30 and, following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill, will conclude the meeting around 10 a.m.Distributed with the copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2009 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The
Johnson & Johnson	segments. Following my remarks, Alex will comment on the 2012 results and provide a strategic outlook for the Company. At the completion of Alex's remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the financial results and guidance for 2013. We will then open the meeting to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentations at approximately 9.45. And following Q&A, with some final remarks by Alex, we'll conclude this portion of the meeting around 10.15.Following a break we will resume at 11 o'clock and begin the Medical Devices and Diagnostics business review that was rescheduled because of Hurricane Sandy. That program will include presentations by Gary Pruden, Worldwide Chairman Global Surgery Group; Karen Licitra, Worldwide Chairman Global Medical Solutions Group; and Michel Orsinger, Worldwide Chairman DePuy Synthes Companies. We will break for lunch and the technology displays around noon, and resume the presentations at approximately 12.45. We will include a question-and-answer panel at the end of the presentation and expect to close the meeting around 2.30.Included with the press release that was issued earlier this morning is a schedule of sales for key products and/or businesses to facilitate updating your models. These schedules are available on the Johnson & Johnson
Johnson & Johnson	President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a Webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the first quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the financial results and guidance for 2013. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour. Included with the press release that was issued earlier this morning is the schedule of sales for key products and/or businesses, to facilitate updating your models. These schedules are available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this review may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2012 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made today. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a
Johnson & Johnson	Pharmaceuticals Group.A few logistics before we get into the details. The audio and visuals from these presentations are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website.I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide additional commentary on the results for the quarter and guidance for the year. Chris and Paul will then provide an update on our pharmaceuticals business. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and following Q&A with some final remarks by Dominic, we will conclude the meeting around 10 a.m.Distributed with a copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2007
Johnson & Johnson	an update on our pharmaceuticals business. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and following Q&A with some final remarks by Dominic, we will conclude the meeting around 10 a.m.Distributed with a copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2007 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.The pharmaceutical group presentation contains statements about new molecular entities or NMEs and other medicines or line extensions in various stages of development. These presentations are based on the Company's current knowledge of
Johnson & Johnson	to review our business results for the second quarter of 2009. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President -- Finance and Chief Financial Officer. A few logistics before we get into the details.This review is being made available to a broader audience via a Webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the second quarter for the corporation, and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the second quarter financial results, and update on the many positive developments in the quarter, and guidance for the full year of 2009. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately one hour.Included with the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for the major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release. Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered
Johnson & Johnson	section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the third-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2009. Alex will then provide an update on our Medical Devices and Diagnostics business and we will open up the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and following Q&A with some final remarks by Dominic, we will conclude the meeting around 10.00 a.m.Distributed with the copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this presentation may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2008 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not
Johnson & Johnson	Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the second quarter of 2011. Joining me on the call today are Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and Alex Gorsky, Vice Chairman, Executive Committee, Office of the Chairman.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the second quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three business segments.Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the second-quarter results and guidance for the full year of 2011. Following Dominic, Alex will discuss our Medical Devices and Diagnostics business. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately 90 minutes.Included with the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or businesses to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.Before I get into the results
Johnson & Johnson	third quarter of 2011. Joining me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast, accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our 3 business segments. Following my remarks, Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the third-quarter results, and guidance for the full-year 2011. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour.Included with the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning, is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or businesses to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal-year 2010 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in
Johnson & Johnson	section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the fourth quarter for the Corporation and highlights for our three Business segments. Following my remarks Bill Weldon will comment on the 2011 results and provide a strategic outlook for the Company. At the completion of Bill's remarks, Dominic Caruso will provide some additional commentary on the fourth-quarter financial results and guidance for the full year of 2012. We will then open the meeting to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and, following Q&A with some final remarks by Bill, we'll conclude the meeting around 10.00 AM.Included with the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning, is the schedule showing sales from major products and/or businesses to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2010 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements
Johnson & Johnson	quarter of 2012. Joining me on the call today are Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Joaquin Duato, Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals group; and Dr. Paul Stoffels, Chief Scientific Officer and Worldwide Chairman Pharmaceuticals group. A few logistics before we get into the details.This call is being made available to a broader audience via a Webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I'll begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the corporation and highlights for our three business segments. Then Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the third quarter results and discuss guidance for the full year of 2012. Following Dominic's remarks, Joaquin and Paul will provide a brief update on the Pharmaceuticals business. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately 1.5 hours.Included with the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is a schedule showing sales for key products and/or businesses to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release. Please note this Webcast includes slides. The slides are available on the
Johnson & Johnson	and following Q&A and some final remarks by Bill, we will conclude the meeting around 10 AM.&nbsp;Distributed with the copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for major products and our business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2006 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last item, during the call non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the Johnson & Johnson website.Now I would like to review our results for the fourth quarter of 2007. If you would refer to your copy
Johnson & Johnson	the first quarter 2008 results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Dominic we will open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one hour.Before I get into the results let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10K for the fiscal year 2007 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10K is available through the Company or online.Last item, during the call non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the Johnson & Johnson website. Now I would like to review our results for the first quarter of 2008. If you would refer to your copy of the press release, let's begin with the schedule titled &quot;Supplementary Sales Data by Segment of Business.&quot;Worldwide sales to customers were a record $16.2
Johnson & Johnson	Chief Financial Officer. A few logistics before we get into the details.This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. Included with the copy of the press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning is the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. These are also available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is the press release. I will review highlights of the first quarter 2008 results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Dominic we will open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one hour.Before I get into the results let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10K for the fiscal year 2007 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or
Johnson & Johnson	the second quarter of 2008. With me on the call today is Dominic Caruso, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. The press release that was sent to the investment community earlier this morning includes the schedule showing sales for major products and/or business franchises to facilitate updating your models. The press release is also available on the Johnson & Johnson website.I will review highlights of the second-quarter 2008 results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Dominic, we will open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately 1 hour.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2007 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a
Johnson & Johnson	second-quarter 2008 results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Dominic, we will open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately 1 hour.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2007 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last item, during the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the Johnson & Johnson website.Now I would like to review our results for the second quarter of 2008. If you would refer to your copy of the press release, let's begin with the schedule titled Supplementary Sales Data by Segment of Business. Worldwide sales to customers are a record $16.5 billion for
Johnson & Johnson	Relations for Johnson & Johnson, and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the third quarter of 2013. Joining me on the call today are Dominic Caruso, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Michel Orsinger, Worldwide Chairman, DePuy Synthes Companies. A few logistics before we get into the details. This review is being made available to a broader audience via webcast accessible through the Investor Relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website. I will begin by briefly reviewing highlights of the third quarter for the Corporation, and highlights for our three business segments. Following my remarks, Michel will provide an update on our DePuy Synthes business, and the progress made on our near-term priority of successfully integrating Synthes. Please note, the presentation that accompanies Michel's remarks is available on our website.Next Dominic will provide some additional commentary on the financial results and guidance for 2013. We will then open the call to your questions. We expect the call to last approximately 90 minutes. Included with the press release that was issued earlier this morning is a schedule of sales for key products and/or businesses to facilitate updating your models. These schedules are available
Johnson & Johnson	questions. Since Bill Weldon is our host today, I encourage you to address your questions to him on more strategic issues. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9.30 and following Q&A, with some final remarks by Bill, we will conclude the meeting at approximately 10 a.m.Distributed with a copy of the press release that you just received, the schedule with actual revenues for major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2005 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made during this meeting. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last item, during the meeting, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP
Johnson & Johnson	press release.&nbsp;I will review highlights of the first quarter 2007 results for the Corporation and for our three business segments. Following additional remarks from Dominic, we will open the call to your questions. We expect the total call to last approximately one hour.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2006 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last item, during the call non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and they are available on the Johnson & Johnson web site.Now I would like to review our results for the first quarter of 2007. If you would refer to your copy of the press release, let's begin with the schedule titled supplementary sales data by segment.Worldwide sales to
Johnson & Johnson	also available on the Johnson & Johnson website, as is the press release.&nbsp;Following my remarks, Dominic will provide additional commentary on the results for the quarter and the guidance for the year. During the Q&A session following the formal remarks we will also be happy to address any questions on the share repurchase program announced last week. We expect the call to last approximately 1 hour, but we will be mindful of allowing time to address your questions.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this call may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2006 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10-K is available through the company or online.Last item, during the call non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the Johnson & Johnson website.Now I would like to
Johnson & Johnson	press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues for the major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is a copy of the press release.Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2006 identifies certain factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10-K is available through the Company or online.Last item, during the meeting, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the Johnson & Johnson website.Now I would like to review our results for the third quarter of 2007. If you would refer to your copy of the press release, let's begin with the schedule titled Supplementary Sales Data. Worldwide sales to customers were $15 billion for the
